Amanda Cui (CPA) 
Phone: (408) 480 7937 | Email: cui_amanda@yahoo.com 
 
 
SUMMARY 
 
An analytical and experienced financial professional with more than 12 years of experience leading a broad range of accounting and finance responsibilities. From analyzing financial reports and overseeing budgets to performing external audits and preparing tax documents, I excel in international business aspects of accounting and financial operations. My 6 years audit experience at PwC (Big 4), 9 years US GAAP and IFRS expertise in accounting prepare me to make significant impact in your organization. 
 
CAREER ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
Controller in Finance & Accounting, MOELIS, 2011/7-present 
            Managed the financial reporting in HK/China, consolidation and financial analysis process to ensure the information is accurate, methodic, timely and meets business needs. Prepare month-end closing and financial statements.  
            Reconcile cash and bank flow management.  
            Review monthly payroll register and benefits accrual.  
            Advised top level management with regards to finance, management, staffing and other service issues and procedures in the Hong Kong and China operation.  
            Directed the financial planning for the organization, including business operations and forecasting the business financial results.  
            Work with HQ IPO team to complete the IPO filing.  
            Maintained and submitted reports related to monetary flow and presented it to the regulatory authorities, such as FRR filing to SFC, and tax filing to IRD.  
            Create month-end and quarter-end financial reports and financial statements. Work with external auditors to issue audit report for the company.  
            Perform and undertake risk assessments of business unit exposures, identify risk, evaluate their potential impact and review the strengths and weaknesses of the company's existing controls. 
 
Auditor, PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS (PwC), 2005/9-2010/10 
         Audit engagements for external clients in the investment management industry.  
         Recurring clients include JP Morgan (Private Equity Funds), Franklin Templeton (Emerging Markets Small Cap Fund, Global Bond Fund, Global Long-Short Fund, Global Opportunities Trust, Global Smaller Companies Fund, Growth Fund, Income Fund Investment, etc.), Charles Schwab (S&P 500 Index Fund, Institutional Select S&P 500 Fund, 1000 Index Fund, Small-Cap Index Fund, Total Stock Market Index Fund, International Index Fund, Money Market Funds, Laudus Funds), and funds from Macquaire, Barclays Global Investors, etc.  
         Tailored and performed varies audit procedures (internal controls and substantial testing) throughout all phrases of the audit process.  
         Designed and supervised early implementation of Sarbanes-Oxley control procedures, and provide thorough management recommendations for improved control effectiveness.  
         Traveled to various locations in US to audit and aid in the preparation of the companies' financial statements and internal control environment in accordance with GAAP and Statutory regulations. 
 
Accounting & Finance, EDGE NETWORK, 2003/5-2005/9 
          Responsible for the establishment of a newly opened Shanghai branch office in China. Manage accounts receivable, accounts payable.  
          Maintain ethical accounting practices. Record journal entry and GL for fixed asset, accrual accounts.  
          Develop and implement comprehensive annual budgets, and provide accurate and timely monthly reports to control budget overruns. 
 
Accounting, FOXCONN, 2002/10-2003/5 
          Provide daily financial processing, including account receivable, A/R aging reporting, billing, expense accounting, and treasury issues, like deposits, issue checks.  
          Perform inventory control and issue periodic inventory reconciliation reports. Prepare bank reconciliation and issue all PO, SO, upload std cost and filing in SAP.  
          Billing invoice in SAP including sales & distribution, cross charges, and finance invoices. Prepare regular sales revenue report for management review. 
 
KEY COMPETENCIES 
 
         Prior international work experience in US, PRC and Hong Kong. Experience in performing varies complex audit procedures with a proven record of success in creating orderly & efficient systems for various types of organizations 
         Outstanding organizational, analytical and interpersonal skills with thorough knowledge of the regulations in the financial sector in China and Hong Kong 

         Bachelor's degree in Accounting and US CPA with a strong background in Finance and Accounting methodologies and practices 

         Tri-lingual, fluent in spoken and written Mandarin (Putonghua), English and Cantonese 

 

EDUCATION 
 
AICPA License Holder (California) 
License #: 108744 
California Board of Accountancy 
 
Bachelor in Business of Administration, 1998/1-2002/5 
Accounting Major 
San Jose State University 
 
 
 
