Yilun Yang 
(949) 878-0849 | yilunyang2019.1@u.northwestern.edu 
 
CAREER GOAL: Seeking a junior level position to strategically create the most relevant customer and supplier experiences through intensive competitive analysis and heart-touching storytelling. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
Northwestern University, Medill School | Evanston, IL  
M.S Integrated Marketing Communication (GPA: 3.7) 
University of California, Irvine  
	Sept. 2018-Dec. 2019 
 
Sept. 2013-Dec. 2017 
	
B.A. Psychology 
	 
	
 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE  
 
Jordan, Nike | Portland, OR June 2019-Sept. 2019 
  - Team Project Consultant 
  Devised a mobile-first digital strategy to connect Gen Z consumers with Jordan brand via mobile.  
  Conducted and led an ethnographic research and an analytical survey study to uncover the intent behind the consumer behavior on mobile.  
  Developed a comprehensive mobile platform strategy which aims to acquire 2.4 million new users and serve 1.1 million weekly active users. 
 
Comfort, Unilever | Shanghai, China July 2018-Sept. 2018 
  - Strategy Intern 
  Collaborated with the strategy team to develop a go-to-market strategy including marketing positioning, branding and omnichannel promotion planning for a brand-new fabric softener. 
  Conducted field interviews, analyzed first-party data from organic and paid content to better understand Comfort's brand awareness and competitive advantages.  
  Organized an ethnographic study with 30+ participants to uncover product category insights of fabric softener in the Southern China market. 
 
COCOWEB | Irvine, CA April 2017-July 2017 
	
  - Digital Media Strategy Intern 
	 
	
  Utilized Instagram, partner sites and content marketing tactics to drive customer engagement. Developed customized audience targeting strategy that would double the engagement rate (1.5% to 3%+). 
  Managed site content marketing and published 8 to 10 social media posts and 6 weekly blog posts. 
  Grew the Cocoweb online community of designers and customers from 2000 to 2600+ through email marketing.  
  Enhanced the website performance through UX A/B testing to exceed user expectations and improved the landing page experience for all channels. 
 
		
Obsidian Inc. | Irvine, CA  
	 May 2016-Dec. 2016 
	
  - Strategy Intern 
	 
	
  Managed Obsidian's social media content and blog posts to increase following and subscribers. The engagement rate increased by 200%+ on Instagram (Sprout Social metrics).  
  Collaborated with the strategy team to launch the #DareYouToWear campaign with UCI and acquired 560 new customers in 2 weeks. 
		
  Designed the next series' product packaging for B&EGG. 
 
CLASS PROJECT 
 
Practicum: Cultural Insight Methods for Consumer Research | Evanston, IL 
  - Client: Chicago Tribune and Local News Initiatives  
  Conducted a three-month ethnographic study to uncover findings around the role of local news media in Chicago residents' everyday life.  
  Designed the study questions to address the core business objective. Collected and analyzed data, generating nuanced insights and connecting insights back to the organizational problem.  
 
		
LEADERSHIP 
 
Have Dreams Organization | Marketing Consultant Mar. 2019- May 2019  
Alpha Kappa Psi Business Fraternity | Active Member Nov 2015- Present 
	
 
	
SKILLS & HOBBIES 
 
    Technical: Microsoft Office, Adobe (Photoshop, Lightroom), SPSS, SQL, Python, Final Cut Pro, R Studio.  
    Certificate: Google Analytics, Facebook Blueprint, Google Ads 
	
    Languages: English, Chinese, Korean (Fluent), Spanish (Elementary).  
	
    Interests: Sculpture, Illustration, Film Photography, Movies, Gardening, Reading, Video Editing.  
	
 
 
 
