
 Yuwen Jiang 
 (571) 315-4839   3420 Toledo Terrace Hyattsville, MD 20782   yuwen.jiang@rhsmith.umd.edu/ jiangyw96@126.com   www.linkedin.com/in/yuwen-jiang96 

 Supply Chain Professional 
 EDUCATION 

 University of Maryland, Robert H. Smith School of Business College Park, MD, USA 
 Master of Science, major: Supply Chain Management, GPA 3.87/4.0 Aug 2018 - Dec 2019 
   Coursework: Global Supply Chain Management, Lean Six Sigma, Global Transportation Management, 
 Project Management in Dynamic Environment, Data Driven Decision Making, Negotiations in Supply Chain, SAP System 

 Soochow University, School of Politics and Public Administration Suzhou, Jiangsu, China 
 Bachelor of Management, major: Logistics Management and Engineering, GPA 3.7/4.0 Sep 2014 - Jun 2018 
   Coursework: Inventory Management, Procurement Management, Operations Research, International Logistics, 
 Risk Management, Microeconomic, Macroeconomics, Quality control 

 WORK EXPERIENCE 

 UNDER ARMOUR, INC. (Contract) Baltimore, MD, United States 
 Project Manager Jan 2020 - Present 
   Maintained UA's budget tracker and worked with the Sustainability team to make sure spend is on track. 
   liaised with Legal Operations, FP&A and Procurement on monitoring spend, contracting and invoicing. 
   Handled incoming inquiries from external stakeholders related to Sustainability. 
   Coordinated internally with other groups to develop responses and made sure appropriate sign-off has been secured before   disclosure. 
 Bosch Automotive Products (Suzhou) Co. Ltd Suzhou, Jiangsu, China 
 Logistics Analyst Intern Mar 2018 - Jul 2018 
   Managed 10+ warehouses' inventory level to decide delivery date and amount to ensure that inventory was   within a reasonable range. 
   Forecasted monthly demand for 20+ products and arranged purchasing orders from 15+ customers to meet   clients' requirements. 
   Designed and optimized the appropriate material supply chain and service level to the customer. 
   Supported, identified and communicated corrective actions, deviations and lean processes. 

 Schindler China (Suzhou Area) Suzhou, Jiangsu, China 
 Marketing Department Intern Jul 2017 - Jan 2018 
   Generated and analyzed weekly sales reports to managers from 3 departments. 
   Participated in company professional development programs to enhance working knowledge of elevator company   products, services and procedures. 
   Managed weekly material plan and updated products data from 3 factories in SAP system. 
   Led team of 5 to assess marketing department's daily performance in sales. 

 OOCL (Suzhou) Suzhou, Jiangsu, China 
 Logistics Analyst Intern Jun 2016 - Sep 2016 
   Prepared and provided inbound and outbound vessel pre-stowage plan to stevedore or terminal operator for   cargo operation. 
   Collected customs clearance and declaration materials and declare to customs. 
   Coached a group of five interns about corporation's operation and daily work. 
 TECHNICAL SKILLS 

   Software: Advanced MS Office Suite skills, Pivot table, SAP system, Minitab, SPSS, Bloomberg, Photoshop, Visual Basic   language, Python, R language, SQL 
   Supply Chain Skills: Lean Six Sigma, Negotiation 

 DISTINCTIONS 

   Languages: English(fluent), Mandarin(native), French(beginner) 
   Interests: Scuba diving, painting, Calligraphy, Writing, Hiking, Editing videos 
   Volunteered in 2016 International Forum on Energy Transactions, 2015 Suzhou Marathon Race, city's civilization assessment 

