! jvhuang@hotmail.com " blog: https://jvhuang1786.github.io # 4158671895 $ San Francisco California % https://www.linkedin.com/in/justinvhuang/ & https://github.com/jvhuang1786/ JUSTIN HUANG SUMMARY Data Science professional with experience in computer vision and natural language processing. Knowledgeable in supervised and unsupervised machine learning algorithms. Strong background in finance and movie preproduction. Currently seeking data analyst, data scientist, quantitative analyst or analyst opportunities in finance. SKILLS DATA VISUALIZATION: R, Matplotlib, Bokeh, Plotly, Seaborn, Folium, Tableau TECHNICAL LANGUAGE: Python, R, SQL, Excel MACHINE LEARNING: Computer Vision, Natural Language Processing, A/B Testing, Logistic Regression, kNN, LDA, Neural Networks, Random Forest, XGBoost, Naive Bayes, Time Series DATA COLLECTION: API, JSON, CSV, TFRecords, Web Scraping LANGUAGE: Native English, Fluent Chinese PROJECTS Python Tools: Tweepy, vaderSentiment, TextBlob, Folium, Scikit-Learn, pyLDAvis, Folium, Geocoder, SpaCy, gensim, R-Sentiment • Twitter sentiment analysis and visualization to analyze opportunities for Disney and their partners • Twitter API collection for Halloween Seasonal celebration on Japanese and English users • Random Forest Model scored 76 % f1score on Halloween seasonal data. 47 % f1score on Chinese New Year data including black swan events. Python Tools: CV2, Keras, tensorflow-gpu, Matplotlib, Seaborn, DCGAN, Nvida’s Style GAN, Scipy • Explored opportunities on how GAN can revolutionize the creative pipeline for game, movie or creative asset development. • FID score of 7.314. Created convincing asset base for anime characters and starting base concept work for fantasy armor design. Sept. 2018 -Mar. 2019 R Tools: ggplot2, tidyr, stringr, data.table, rvest, ggrepel • Created a negotiation template for NBA players or team managers to negotiate salary • Web-scrapped salary and player statistical data for 20 NBA seasons • Analysis of salary exceptions based on stats and awards EDUCATION Springboard Data Science Bootcamp  Apr. 2019 -Current  Chartered Financial Analyst, passed all three levels  EMBA, Executive Master in Business Administration, Rutgers State University  Aug. 2009 -May 2011  Peking University Advanced Business and Chinese Certiﬁcate  Aug. 2008 -June 2009  BS, Bachelor of Science in Economics, Claremont Pitzer College  Aug. 2004 -May 2008  EMPLOYMENT Lion Theater Imagination, Founder/Investment Planner/Character Developer, Beijing/San Francisco  Jan. 2018  • Working on Peking Man project with CCTV and Peking Panda Opera project with Beijing Opera  Institute.  • Cycle GAN project to increase engagement, use designed opera assets for social media platform Tik Tok • Successfully met the needs of clients in collaboration with 15 freelancers developing Intellectual Property • Helped with business analytics and marketing promoting famous Peking Opera singer Premier Oriental Pictures Co Ltd, Associate Producer, Beijing Mar. 2013 -Feb. 2018 • Helped develop per diem system for international business travel, helped with business decisions and analytics for blogging and marketing. • Established legal contracts and negotiated terms and conditions and oversaw logistical arrangements with VFX producers, art directors and artists from Canada, Denmark, USA, Argentina and the Philippines. • Prepared, discussed and revised business plans and complex budgets with the Chairman of the British Film Committee and several notable VFX companies in England. • Initiated, networked, liaised and followed up with prominent international film studios and individuals in the movie industry in London, Los Angeles and Canada. UNDP, Financial Assistant, Beijing Jan. 2012 -Sept. 2012 • Provided accounting and administrative support, ensured implementation of operational strategies and procedures, processed accounts payables and receivables, VAT in ATLAS financial management program. • Worked closely with finance and accounting team to monitor transaction activities and assist in financial data integrity. • Assisted in the analysis and resolution of issues related to information content on UNDP Weibo and social content Merrill Lynch, Investment Analyst Intern, Beijing July 2011 -Nov. 2011 • Constructed detailed reports on investment process, cash-flow accounting, strategy usage etc. for due diligence purposes. • Prepared analytical reports and briefs on Euro crisis and Australian natural gas. • Assisted in Bloomberg software seminars on currency exchange, stock analysis, bond analysis and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. 