
 RONGLIN SHEN 
 5062 Bianco Cir, Fairfield, CA94534 
 550635518@qq.com 
 QUALIFICATIONS PROFILE 
 Highly creative and multitalented Specialist with extensive experience in e-commerce, marketing and   print design for more than 10 years. Highly professional skills on graphic design, website building and   marketing promotion; Exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills; dynamic team player. Highly   skilled in client and suppliers relations and negotiations; talented at building and maintaining "win-win"   partnerships. Passionate and inventive creator of innovative marketing strategies and campaigns;   accustomed to performing in deadline-driven environments with an emphasis on working within budget   requirements. creative experience in the following: 

 E-commerce Marketing and print Video game   1. Website design 
 2. Build website database 
 3. Build active server pages 
 4. SEO and web promotions 

 1. Visual identification 
 2. Posters & billboard 
 3. Brochures & Newsletters 
 4. Material of campaigns 

 5. 3D modeling and lighting 
 6. Logo design 
 7. Interface design 
 8. Texture optimization 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Lingang Nanqiao Inc, 5885 Jinghai Road, Shanghai, China 2017- now 
 Administrative Supervisor (Marketing) 
 Involved in marketing promotion, social media advertisements, newsletters, video advertisement   productions, company's website establishment, VI, smaintaining and optimizing the information   processing system, organizing and developing the specific software to improve office efficiency. 
 Key achievements: 
 1, Successfully built the websites for the company. 
 2, Established the visual identity and upgraded the public image of company. 
 3, Updated the popularity of company by all kinds of promotion. 
 4, Successfully maintained the present information processing system. 
 5, Developed the system of archives management Successfully. 

 Education First, 258 Tongren Road,Shanghai,China 2012-2013 
 Senior Graphic Designer 
 Successfully managed all marketing designs of more than 100 EF franchise schools in China and EF 

 RONGLIN SHEN 
 PA G E2 

 headquarter in Shanghai. Reviewed all Marketing designs from all EF franchise schools and directed   designers to improve the designs. Make uniform designs of marketing campaigns. Worked closely with   marketing director and general manager in headquarter to create some designs and consistently meet   deadlines and requirements. 
 Key achievements: 
 1. Made visual identification manual to uniform relative designs of more than 100 EF franchise   schools 
 2. Provided high quality designs of marketing campaigns for franchise schools   3. Established good relationships with designers and marketing managers in franchise schools. 
 4. Provided design support for the matrix functions in the headquarter and established good   relationship with managers of the functions. 
 5. Supported headquarter to maintain good relationships with investors of franchise schools. 

 Shanghai Rongyue Ltd,. 120-2-106 Qiuping Road,Shanghai,China 2004-2012 
 Project manager-Senior Graphic Designer 
 Successfully developed and managed online business from concept through completion. Market   research and analysis, made project plans, recruited team members, sourced and selected suppliers, 
 Established websites and promoted them. Effectively built, motivated the whole team. Manage all   operational, strategic, financial, quote/bid, staffing etc. 
 Key achievements: 
 1. Established the first online platform to start online business for company. 
 2. Website naturally displayed on the first page in google search with some key words. 
 3. Established trusting relationships with suppliers, key clients etc. 

 UBISOFT 17F time square,pudong,Shanghai,China 1998-2004 
 Graphic & 3D Designer 
 Created and optimized 3D game scene, lighting, design logos and game interfaces, optimized textures   and characters...etc. Participated in many game projects, including: Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell 1 PS2, 
 Rayman rush PS1, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon 2 PS2, VIP batman, F1 Racing PS1 etc. 
 Key achievements: 
 1. Earned several awards for perfect performances   2. Be familiar with the whole process of game production and teamwork. 
 3. Established good relationship with colleagues. 


 RONGLIN SHEN 
 PA G E3 
 EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND 
 Study Computer Science, 2016-2017 
 Solano community college, 4000 Suisun Valley Road, Fairfield, CA94534 

 Bachelor of Graphic Design, Minor in Visual Arts, 1998 
 WU XI UNIVERSITY OF LIGHT INDUSTRY (Now it's been renamed JIANGNAN UNIVERSITY), Wuxi, 
 Jiangsu province, China 


 TECHNICAL PROFIENCY 
 Platforms: Windows Win10 
 Applications: Adobe Photoshop, Illustrator, Dreamweaver, Wordpress,   3Dmax, Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, 
 Outlook),etc. 


