

 Zhou (Joe) Xu 
 Relocating to Los Angeles 3/2020 www.linkedin.com/in/ZhouXu01   773.289.8060 zhou940301@gmail.com 

 EDUCATION 
 Kellstadt Graduate School of Business, DePaul University Chicago, IL 
 Master of Science in Marketing Analysis GPA: 3.80 March 2019 
   Relevant Coursework: Data Analysis and Regression, Market Research, Marketing Strategies and 
 Planning, Precision Marketing, CRM, and Foundations of Data Science 

 College of Business, Missouri State University Springfield, MO 
 Bachelor of Science in Marketing Management GPA: 3.54 December 2016 
   Relevant Coursework: Applied Business Statistics and Operations Management 

 WORKING EXPERIENCE 
 ChinaPro Marketing Partners, Inc. Chicago 
 Marketing Associate May 2019 - Present 
   Employed marketing analysis techniques to gather important data (social media, web analytics,   rankings etc.) to generate the monthly social media report for clients, including Art Institute of 
 Chicago, Great Lakes USA, and 360Chicago. 
   Created, shaped, and executed visual content on different social media platforms to create authentic   brand awareness, e.g. added 5K+ followers on GLUSA Weibo official account for 2 weeks. 
   Worked with colleagues to brainstorm and executed the marketing activities to reach Chinese   customers, e.g. identified the right Chinese influencer for Grand Canal Shoppes. 
   Edited and proofread all website content for accuracy and formatting to ensure a consistent look and   feel using WordPress, including installation, troubleshooting, and installing Google Analytics. 

 YueYang Flagship Shop of Hongkong Royal Furniture Group, China 
 Market Manager / Market Researcher January 2017 - June 2017 
   Executed CRM campaigns to build better relationships with current and existing customers for better   cross-sell and up-sell, which increased gross sales by 10% over the previous month. 
   Developed and presented growth strategies based on focus group findings to the business owner, the   following implementation resulted in a 20% sales growth month over month. 
   Performed customer segmentation analysis to aid the development of marketing campaigns. 

 ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE 
 Precision Market - Segmentation & Targeting, DePaul University Fall 2018 
   Performed segmentation analysis of a shopping mall customer data to target high-value groups, such   as 35-65 female with families. 
   Constructed data visualization using SPSS, Excel & PowerPoint for an intuitive presentation. 
   Brainstormed potential activities, such as complimentary yoga classes inside the shopping mall, to   further improve customer experience. 

 SAMSUNG - Market Analysis & Strategy Development, DePaul University Fall 2018 
   Identified the key growth pain points by applying SWOT, 4Ps and Porter's model; formulated plans   for brand enhancement based on the analyses. 
   Recommended three strategies to address issues identified, including CRM optimization, increasing   product showroom, and product diversification. 
   Led a team of five to develop and present insights that gained high approval from the professor. 

 SKILLS 
 Excel, SPSS, PowerPoint (Proficient); SQL, Tableau, Photoshop, Premiere, WordPress (Basic) 

 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Volunteer of "Working in The School" at DePaul University 2017 
 Volunteer of "Little Brother - Friends of the Elderly" in Chicago 2017 
