Chao Hsun, Vivian CHIUExperience2016-02 -presentProject ExecutiveART FORMOSA Art Fair Company Ltd.Event CoordinatorVenue correspondent; venue budget management: negotiating andcontracting (with Eslite Hotel, Songshan Cultural and Creative Park, Bureau of Cultural Affairs, Kaohsiung City Government and City Suites Kaohsiung.Sponsor's advisorproposing to sponsors, developing collaborative program and ensuring the accuracy of implementation.¥ Aesop- sponsoring the largest number of its star products as event gifts among the sponsorships in Asia.¥ Affinato & Lunetta- sponsoring high-quality party beverage for 1000 guests.¥ illy coffee- sponsoring 1500 cups of coffee for general guests. Advising the selection of exhibits.Collector ServiceVIP reception; matching exhibts to collectors; cooperating with UBS on private events for collectors and VIPsExhibitor ExecutiveSeing booths to averagely 30 to 40 overseas galleries annually in six months during the visits to 300+ galleries in field trips and 9 overseas art fairs.Exhibits data integration and exhibits promotion: coordinating visual communicative materials among departments of Design, Media and VIP Relations.Assisting the fair marketing to Taiwanese galleries.Construction ConsultantExecuting floor plan: exhibitor's booths, lounge, VIP room, ART FORUM, and staff rooms.Dealing with construction inquiries from 80 to 90 exhibitors. Onsite construction in-charge..Media Relations of ART KAOHSIUNG 2016Organizing and executing promotional plans for exhibits and eventsProposing and partnering with 10+ printed media and 25+ online media. Press release and press conference.VIP Relations of ART FORMOSA and FORMOSA ART SHOW in 2016 Developing and organizing VIP programs: tours to artist studios, collector party and exclusive group itinerary such as Collector Day for Koreancollectors.Arranging accommodation and transportation for 80 to 100 VIPs. Developing and managing sponsorship programs.2014-03 -2016-01Art Director's AssistantLinBay Design
Making reference design for internal discussion or clients¥ Interior design of restaurant and bar (AutoCAD).¥ 3D model drawing (Sketchup) of set design and specially made props.¥ 2D design (Illustrator and Photoshop) of printed materials.
Presenting proposals with unified concepts and elements.Onsite executive assistant: examining construction details / improvising to solve accidental problems / ensuring the progress of shooting schedule / communication with foreign directors in English.	
3 selected event projects:¥ Press event: NIKE product launch at Huashan 1914 Creative Park in 2014.¥ Interior design of Absolut Vodka party at Shanghai West Bound in 2015¥ Wedding design for Taiwanese musician Jay CHAO at Taipei W  Hotel  in

2015	15+ commercials of vehicle broadcasted at Taiwan and Shanghai:Volkswagen (New York Commercial award winning), Honda, Buick, Hyundai	Microsoft Word
6+ music video:¥ Jay CHAO - ? ? ¥ Jay CHAO - ??"J??¥ Jam HSIAO - ,fi µr??  ARWIN

Education

2010-02 -2013-12Royal Melbourne Institute Technology, Melbourne, B.A. Interior Design.20132010-02 -2010-12Royal Melbourne Institute Technology, Melbourne, Design Foundation. Interior Design.2009

  Personal InfoAddress585 FuJin St, Taipei, TaiwanPhone+886912603650E-mailix. chiu@hotmail.comDate of birth1988-09-25  SkillsCommunication SkillsCommunication skills to variety of              clients and contractors Marketing and Selling             applying communication Negotiation SkillsFinding the balance between selling               and client satisfaction Improvisation and problem solvingAdvancedLeading skillsAdvancedCustomer ServiceExperienced

  SoftwareAutoCADSketchup
IndesignPhotoshop
Illustrator
After Effects
Microsoft excele








  LanguagesChineseFormal business communicationskills.EnglishBusiness Communication and socialcommunications.
JapaneseSimple communication and still inprogress.