
 Chen (Jeffrey) Liu 
 Los Angeles, CA 90089   chen.liu.2020@marshall.usc.edu   (617) 902-8018   www.linkedin.com/in/cliu2015 

 EDUCATION 

 University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business - Los Angeles, CA December 2020 
 Master of Science in Global Supply Chain Management, GPA: 3.9 

 Boston University, College of Arts and Sciences - Boston, MA May 2019 
 Bachelor of Arts in Economics & Mathematics, Minor in Computer Science and Statistics, GPA: 3.3 

 PROJECT 

 Operation Consulting Project: Capacity Planning for Aryzta Spring 2020 
   Calculated and compared SKU throughputs on a given production line with their category throughputs for that line. 
   Utilized Tableau to create a dashboard to visually represent data and identified SKU throughputs that vary significantly from   product category throughput. 
   Built a capacity planning model outputting maximum projected uptime hour for SKUs based on product category and   production line to increase product planning and performance in Excel. 

 Lean Six Sigma Project: rPlanet Earth Core Process Improvement Spring 2020 
   Completed all the stages of DMAIC which includes Define, Measure, Analyze, Implement and Control for this project. 
   Created VSM (Value Stream Mapping) to washline and decontamination process. Analyzed the core process based on value   added and redesign the process to improve the performance and efficiency. 
   Generated dashboard for major input planning. Resulted in around 1.7 million dollars Annual saving. 

 ASCM Case Competition in Collaboration with Deloitte Spring 2020 
   Took 1 st place in a team of 4 participants in school round case competition. 
   Analyzed one juice manufacturer with its operational data, including inventory and maintenance schedule, and 5 KPIs to find   the key issue that caused this manufacturer's unplanned downtime increase. 
   Recommended and introduced a new layout of warehouse to increase the efficiency of warehouse management and   established a different working system to optimize the maintenance schedule. 

 EXPERIENCE 

 Lianton Network Technology Co., Ltd. - Shanghai, China Summer 2019 
 Operations Intern 
   Researched and studied trends in user generated content. Performed daily/weekly reporting with data visualization using 
 Tableau. Provided possible solutions to maintain user retention leading to a 3% increase in user retention. 
   Uncluttered backend data to design daily/weekly user report and user classification report. 
   Devised new incentive of attracting new users by giving existing users more rewards when inviting their friends. Led to an   increase in DNU (Daily New Users) by 5%. 
   Analyzed market and segmented customers to increase advertising effectiveness. 

 Agricultural Bank of China - Lianyungang, China Summer 2018 
 Data Analyst Intern 
   Loaded pre-recorded data sets from the internal client data management system into Python, cleansed the data sets of over   10,000 clients, used kMeans to conduct clustering analysis. 
   Cleaned and prepared corporate loan client data, including but not limited to previous loan records, current financial standing,   assets and debts, and constructed predictive models to forecast loan defaults. 
   Performed due diligence on corporate loan applicants, assisted in working on temporary assignments from other teams, e.g., 
 coordinating internal group discussions, meetings with VIP clients, recording meeting minutes, collecting feedbacks from 
 VIP clients, collecting latest central bank policies, preparing research reports. 

 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
   Certificate: IBM Data Science Professional Certificate (In process), Lean Six Sigma Green Belt 
   Computer: Tableau, Python, Java, Stata, SAS, R, SQL, SAP ERP, Microsoft Excel, MATLAB. 
   Languages: Fluent in Mandarin and English. 
   Awards: Dean's List - Spring 2018, Fall 2018 and Fall 2019. ASCM Case Competition school round winner. 
