
 Yi Wang 
 || RELOCATABLE || (312) 868-9101|| yiwangyw1014@gmail.com || 
 EDUCATION 
 Columbia College Chicago, Chicago, IL May 2018 
 Master of Arts Management 
 GPA: 3.98/4.0 

 Shanghai Normal University, Shanghai, China June 2016 
 Bachelor of Arts in Interior Art Design 
 GPA: 3.4/4.0 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Chicago Humanities Festival, Chicago, IL June 2018 - Present 
 Digital Marketing/PR Intern 
   Increase fan engagement 177% by coordinating live broadcasting of events during festival as part of social media team;   stream video and post pictures and quotes in real-time during various programs. 
   Expand brand identity by updating website design with new pages and banners, draft press releases, and orchestrate   targeted e-mail campaigns. 
   Facilitate assembly of digital marketing calendar by researching upcoming programs to pinpoint significant years in history   related to our events; post content monthly to social media for promotional purposes. 
   Grow future festival audience by building university contact database for education outreach, maintain lasting relationships,   send invitations, and offer promo codes. 
   Support additional inter-departmental operations by assisting with pre-event book signings, ushering, box office, and will   call tickets. 

 Chicago Art Deco Society - Columbia College Chicago, Chicago, IL January 2018 - May 2018 
 Marketing Assistant 
   Maximized internal and external marketing resources by performing SWOT analysis to identify best advertising mediums,   calculate cost of printing materials, and coordinate with book stores to arrange meet and greets with all the book's   contributors. 
   Co-created a marketing implementation plan for a new book release, Art Deco Chicago: Designing Modern America,   featured in the Art Design Chicago 2018, an initiative of the Terra Foundation for American Art. 

 The Undergraduate Admission Office of Columbia College Chicago, Chicago, IL January 2018 - March 2018 
 Data Processor 
   Strengthened Institutional Effectiveness Department's understanding of incoming freshman's academic backgrounds by   reviewing and entering hundreds of transcripts into the database for future analytical use. 
   Selected to review peers' work in second round of edits after achieving extremely high accuracy rate for data entered. 

 Hokin Gallery of Columbia College Chicago, Chicago, IL January 2017 - December 2017 
 Graduate Project Manager & Programming Assistant 
   Guided pre-exhibit production by providing curatorial and logistic support; set up and installed artwork for several   exhibitions. 
   Maintained daily gallery operations by offering technical support and ensuring materials were properly displayed and   available for interactions at all times. 
   Furthered recognition of international students at Columbia College by creating a workshop. 

 Shanghai Himalayas Museum, Shanghai, China March 2015 - August 2015 
 Exhibition Assistant Intern 
   Created model of exhibition display design in AUTOCAD to accurately portray to artist an expected layout; guided public   programs planning and execution and assisted with installing for multiple exhibitions. 
   Liaised between museum and Scottish curator to effectively communicate and translate all needs, arranged for travel   accommodations, and acted as publicist for exhibit. 
   Ensured government approval of exhibitions by writing detailed reports including artist bios and rundowns of all pieces to   be displayed. 

 SKILLS 

 || AutoCAD || Adobe Photoshop || SketchUp || Microsoft Office || Bilingual - English, Mandarin || 
