
 Henry T. Lam 
 (626) 478-8209   helam@chapman.edu   linkedin.com/in/henrytklam 

 OBJECTIVE 

 To be hired and work in an environment where I may apply advanced communication and teamwork skills with colleagues. Also, to   foster greater understanding of customer service and apply knowledge of marketing and business to further the sale of a product. 

 EDUCATION 

 Chapman University - Orange, CA Expected Graduation 2021 
 B.S. Business Administration, Marketing Emphasis 
 Minor in Computer Science and Data Analytics 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 The Loop Churros - Orange, CA January 2019 - Present 
 Team Member 
   Prepare all glazes, dips, and toppings in a presentable fashion for front of store team members to make products. 
   Take beverage orders and quickly make drinks to be served to customers. 
   Assist front of house staff with any tasks such as making churros, taking orders, or organizing shelves and tables. 

 Chapman University Strategic Marketing and Communications - Orange, CA March 2018 - May 2018 
 Design Intern 
   Utilized design as well as organizational skills by cataloging photos in office server. 
   Produced client requested design elements throughout the school year for different events. 
   Corrected previous designs to meet clients' demands and satisfy event requirements. 

 CAMPUS ORGANIZATIONS 

 Chapman University Floor13 - Orange, CA September 2018 - Present 
 Team Member 
   Actively attend practices and rehearsals to improve my skill in dance. 
   Choreograph pieces to be taught at events such as Open Rehearsals and campus organized dance shows. 
   Establish a strong sense of comradery amongst fellow team members through performances and rehearsals. 

 Alpha Kappa Psi - Orange, CA September 2018 - Present 
 Professional Business Fraternity, Rho Chi Chapter 
   Served as pledge class academic chair and provided ample studying resources for fellow brothers. 
   Ensured the academic success of fellow pledge brothers for all Fraternal Quizzes and Exams. 
   Furthered professionalism by attending interviews, professional development events, and guest speakers. 


 SKILLS 

   Proficient in Microsoft Suite, specifically Excel and Word for documenting, accounting, and analyzing data. 
   Trained to program in Python and programmed an encrypted offline gradebook for high school teachers. 
   Six years of experience in Adobe Photoshop, In Design, Lightroom, and Bridge. 
   Diligent worker with exceptional work ethic and drive. 
   Quick learner and adaptable to unfamiliar situations and obstacles. 

