CYG KEY SKILLS & COMPETENCIES Experienced trainer Website management and social media expertise Proven success with career growth in every position Competitive entrepreneurial spirit Diverse experience with corporate and nonprofit fundraising Fosters teamwork and conveys confidence in others Strong attention to detail and communication; oral and written Christina Y. Gonzales 3251 College Place, Apt#49 (619) 777-3492 Lemon Grove, CA 91945 mssyvonne27@yahoo.com PERSONAL SUMMARY I am a social service and social justice professional with a deep understanding of community dynamics, extensive experience in relationship building and proven success in the area of leadership development. I have an entrepreneurial spirit to work within fast paced environments. I think pragmatically and am a visionary and strategic partner in any endeavor I undertake. I have an MBA and have had management responsibilities in many arenas including fund raising, community engagement, and team building. I am seeking the Public/Political Relations Manager position because it will be a challenging and meaningful opportunity that utilizes my education and professional experience. CAREER HISTORY Gamaliel Foundation January 2010 – Present | Chicago, IL The Gamaliel Foundation is an international network of community organizations that works to strengthen communities and seek to improve the lives of people. I have held positions in four Gamaliel related organizations. Executive Director/Lead Organizer April 2012 -October 2017 | San Diego, CA Justice Overcoming Boundaries in San Diego County (a Gamaliel affiliate) • Managed and raised a $125,000 budget through grants, member dues and fundraisers • Coordinated leadership teams in member institutions to meet their institutional goals and those of the organization such as task forces, media, fundraisers, and action events. • Created coalitions with other community organizations and institutions; • Managed staff and leaders to meet goals and objectives based of strategic plan; and • Facilitated leadership development both locally and conducted national leadership training for the Gamaliel Foundation. Community Organizer January 2011 -March 2012 | Prince George’s County, MD PRISCM -Partnership for Renewal in Southern & Central Maryland (a Gamaliel affiliate) • Organized independent taxi drivers to hold public actions that gained medallions for independent taxi workers. • Recruited key institutional groups into membership in the organization • Facilitated leadership development & fundraising events Community Organizer Intern -2 opportunities VOICE-Buffalo (a Gamaliel affiliate) January to June, 2010 | Buffalo, New York ChangeMakers, (a Gamaliel affiliate) July to December, 2010 | Manchester, England • Both internships focused on my development as a professional community organizer. • Mentored and trained by experienced and professional organizers and both were challenging and integral to my development. Business & Finance Director April 2009 – January 2010 | Chicago, IL Pilsen Wellness Center • Oversaw preparation and distribution of all financial reports of organization portfolio ($10,720,000) • Supervised 22 employees. • Worked directly with the CEO to re-structure the organization • Managed eight service facilities ensuring that they met all regulations and city codes. • Conducted preparation of annual audit for the organization. Page 2Christina Y. Gonzales (619) 777-3492 3251 College Place, Apt#49 Lemon Grove, CA 91945 mssyvonne27@yahoo.com CAREER HISTORY CONTINUED Recruitment & Development Director 2006-2009 | Chicago, IL Institute for Clinical Social Work • Responsible for recruitment and marketing strategy each year • Liaison to auxiliary committees and staff • Increased recruitment by 80% each year over a two-year period. • Managed and organized an annual fundraising goal of $75,000. Special Events Coordinator 2004-2006 | Chicago, IL Heartland Alliance • Served as liaison to three auxiliary boards raising general operating funds. • Met the annual fundraising goal of $125,000 by coordinating volunteer committees. • Successfully organized five fundraising events and three cultivation events each year. Educational/Social Program Director 1998 – 2004 | Chicago, IL Union League Boys and Girls Club • Implemented well-organized and effective after school programs for over 2,000 children throughout the school year; serving five predominantly Latino communities. • Supervised and developed all program staff • Developed and coordinated partnerships with public schools, parks and other community institutions; • Maintained program budget; • Developed strategic plans with staff and strengthened relationships with families of the participants. Festival Assistant Coordinator, Chairperson, Consultant 1998 – 2007 | Chicago, IL Pilsen Neighbors Community Council • Managed all aspects of the Fiesta del Sol leading a team of 200 volunteers. The Fiesta del Sol, a four-day event, annually draws over 1 million visitors. • Developed marketing and community engagement with a minimal budget • Utilized fast-paced decision making and trouble shooting for this massive and complex event • Increased the net profit from $300,000 to $600,000. EDUCATION National Louis University, Masters of Business Administration, MBA Graduated 2009 | Chicago, IL Columbia College, Bachelor of Arts, BA (with concentration on business management) Graduated 1998 | Chicago, IL Lincoln College, Associates of Arts, AA (with concentration on business management) Graduated 1994 | Lincoln, IL Whitney M. Young High School, Graduated 1991 | Chicago, IL REFERENCES Available upon request 