
 Katherine Y
 Fremont, California
 QE at Adobe
 zifei.yang804710@gmail.com - 9319330101
 Summary
   Expertise in Mobile Apps testing on iOS and Android device 
   Support Automate Regression Executions ( Daily, Weekly and Monthly Release Integrations)
   Performed extensive test both in front end and back end server
   Solid experience in Test-Driven Development, functional testing, Continuous Integration testing,  regression testing, web service testing, and browser compatibility testing
   Extensive experience in writing Test Plan, Test Report, Test Cases, creating Test Suits, analyzing  results and preparing QA update
   Well versed with Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC), Agile / SCRUM Development in all the  phases with major responsibilities
   Exposure in both Manual and Automated Testing using products like - HP Quick Test Pro (QTP),
 HP Quality Center (QC) and Selenium
   Proficient in Defect Management - defect identification, defect logging, and defect tracking using the  defect tracking tools HP Quality Center, JIRA & Bugzilla
 Experience
 QA lead at Apple
 September 2015  -  Present  (4 years 5 months)
 Validate HTTP request and response headers Omniture data via Charles Proxy
 Lead functional and performance quality initiatives for both mobile and web systems
 Install build and provision files in testing device via Xcode 
 Perform regression, ad-hoc, and edge-case testing as part of release cycles
 Participate in release management and post deployment testing
 Experience with Agile methodology and tools such as JIRA and Confluence
 Involve build and release management, continuous integration (Jenkins), debugging tools JIRA,
 Radar & Espresso
 Set up open directory account, email, calendar, and iMessage for new hired employees
 QA Engineer at LEVEL Studios
 2014  -  2015  (1 year)

 Join QA Walkthrough meeting with QA Manager, QA Lead, QA Analysts, Dev Manager, Dev Lead,
 Lead Producer, Producer
 Monitor and record HTTP/HTTPS traffic from and to mobile devices, tracking analytics, etc. both  iOS and Android with Charles Proxy
 Run hi-res script to compare 1x to 2x images and verify if the images are optimized for high-  resolution devices and compares 1x to 2x images.
 Use Omniture JavaScript debugger and Charles Proxy to track analytics requests
 Generate SEO report 
 Image: Check on the image background shadow, wet looks if any, drop shadow and reflections,
 Check if the screens within the hardware are aligned properly, Ensure height and width of 1x vs. 2x  assets match
 Copy: Check caption under galleries are aligned properly. Spelling errors.
 Page Layout: Check if paragraphs are aligned properly with the images, check if images are  aligned properly with the copy. Check spacing between the sections is consistent
 CSS Elements: the border and dividers are consistent and 2x on retina devices, carat arrows next  to CTA links should be aligned in the center of the text, buttons and text within the buttons look  good, gradients, close buttons, play buttons, CSS images, paddle nav, callout arrows, any charts  should render properly and aligned.
 Links: test if all the links are clickable and redirect to the correct landing page on iPad and Safari/
 OS X
 Performed browser (Windows) compatibility testing in VMware.
 Voiceover page navigation functions correctly
 Confirm Header, Body layout, Breadcrumb and Footer page elements are correct
 Tax Preparer at Catholic Charities of Santa Clara County  2011  -  2012  (1 year)
 Took the tax training from IRS department 
 Work as Volunteer in Tax EZ program, prepare free tax for low-income families in accordance with  policies of tax legislation and regulation
 Electrical Engineer at China Power Investment Corporation
 October 2007  -  August 2010  (2 years 11 months)
   Functioned with minimal supervision while also leading others toward project goals. Excellent  interpersonal, written, verbal communication skills and organizational skills. Must be able to  prepare and deliver presentations regarding project results.
   Responsible for providing technical support and direction for ongoing plant operations, system  performance management, and improvement activities.
   Performed engineering projects in regards to improving operations and performance of the plant.
   Lead electrical controls related projects to improve productivity. 

   Worked effectively across all levels of the plant organization, individually and with cross functional  team. 
   Supported project engineers in developing electrical systems and controls. 
   Maintained and improved environmental data acquisition system. 
   Assisted other field personnel on field projects when others are leads. Teach those of less  experience.
   Managed and lead low voltage, medium voltage and high voltage substation startup and  commissioning, acceptance, and maintenance projects.
 Education
 De Anza College
 Computer and Information Sciences and Support Services, 2014 - 2014
 Chongqing University
 Bachelor of Applied Science (BASc), Electrical and Electronics Engineering, 2003 - 2007
 Activities and Societies:  Voluteer, Director, Tennis, Team Leader, Project Leader
 Mission College
 Graphic Design, 2017
 Academy of Art University
 Graphic Design, 2014

 Katherine Y
 Fremont, California
 QE at Adobe
 zifei.yang804710@gmail.com - 9319330101
