


 Max Wang 
 Malden, MA 02148 | max.xiaoyuwang@gmail.com | LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/maxxiaoyuwang/ 
 SUMMARY 

 Multilingual Global Project Manager with extensive experience in marketing, communication, and brand development. Proven record   managing complex logistics, large budgets, and high-risk events. Creative and enthusiastic communicator that thrives in fast moving   roles. 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 AUDITOIRE ASIA Shanghai, China 
 Project Manager January 2018 - July 2019 
   Delivered Lincoln test driving projects 2019 based upon stakeholders' requests. 
   Developed an organization system and solution for over 500+ guests that resulted in 27 percent cost saving. 
   Planned and executed a $1.2 million project for Volkswagen's 2019 new cars launch. 
   Led project planning, budgeting, scheduling, and delivery of 12 rounds racing car events with automotive industrial   stakeholders mainly focusing on Porsche Carrera Cup Asia in 2018. 
   Led vendor evaluation and selection in the Asia Pacific region and secured contracts that cut project costs by 12 percent. 
   Increased Business Completion Rate by over 15 percent, and saved overall budget 16.7 percent, 15.5 percent, 12.8 percent,   and 10.7 percent for 4 quarters in 2018. 
 ADVANTGARD BRAND SERVICE Shanghai, China 
 Junior Project Manager June 2017 - December 2017 
   Pitched 6 projects of all major business categories such as automotive, FMCG, technology, and service industry to generate   revenue of over $5 million. 
   Delivered exclusive projects and executive brand services to over 1,500+ premium customers fostering strong rapport and   satisfaction. 
   Improved customer satisfaction by resolving logistics, supply chain issues, risks management, and emergent customer   issues for 3 key global stakeholders. 
 MUSE INTERNATIONAL Shanghai, China 
 Senior Account Executive October 2016 - January 2017 
   Supported stakeholder engagement and customer satisfaction of over 600 mass media of digital/social marketing firms from 
 APAC regions. 
   Organized plan development communication; assisted the general manager with the formulation of the communications plan for   clients. 
 EUROPEAN MARKETING GROUP Shanghai, China 
 Account Executive April 2015 - October 2016 
   Implemented project by writing and translating PRs/articles/marketing communications, developed new media lists to   1,000+, and pitched over 25 key media and followed up to maximize coverages. 
   Executed with arrangements of press conferences and identified one-to-one interviews and press tours up to 5 rounds annually. 
 ACADEMIC PROJECTS July 2020 - September 2020 

 CoinPayments "Cryptocurrency Market Outliers" Project 
 The project generated 6 location analyses that could help the organization perform data analysis and meta-analysis for the   organization's next business level regarding customer landscape outside of current territories. Supported the organization to understand   customer's expectations and behaviors in different regions require further market penetration of 4 countries in APAC regions. 
 EDUCATION 

 Northeastern University, College of Professional Studies 
 M.S. in Project Management (concentration on Business Analytics) Sep2019 - Sep2021 
 Guangxi Arts Institute 
 B.A. in Television Editing and Online Media Sep2010 - Jul2014 
 CORE COMPETENCIES 

 Corporate Event | Brand Management | Public Relations | Consulting | Business Acumen | Market Outliers | Cross-cultural 
 Communication | Cross-functional Collaboration | Conflict Resolution | Data Analytics | Data Visualization | Data Reporting 
 CERTIFICATIONS, TOOLS, AND LANGUAGES 

   Certifications: Digital Business Analysis, Project Management, Business Process Modeling, Scope Project Management, 
   Tools: Tableau, Power BI, Advanced Excel (VBA), SAP, R 
   Languages: English, Chinses, German 
