

 Jiamin Yao 
 Charlottesville, Virginia, 22903 E-mail: jy6svr@virginia.edu Tel: 571-685-9825 
 Eligible for OPT STEM allowing employment in the U.S. for 3 years 
 EDUCATION 
 University of Virginia Charlottesville, US 
 Master of Science in Commerce, Marketing and Management track Expected Aug. 2020 
 Shanghai University of Finance and Economics Shanghai, China 
 Bachelor of Law, Major in International Financial Law Sep. 2015 - Jun. 2019 
   Third scholarship awarded in 2019; National Challenge Cup Competition for College students (Representing SUFE) -The third award in 
 Shanghai 
 Victoria University of Wellington Wellington, New Zealand 
 Exchange student at Law School & Business School Jul. - Nov. 2017 
 INTERNSHIP EXPERIENCE 
 University of Virginia Charlottesville, VA 
 Research Assistant, Consumer Insight Focus Aug. 2019 - Present 
   Generated social buzz monitor on Crimson Hexagon to find consumers' attitudes and trends under certain topics, such as brand authenticity,   and utilized sentiment and emotion analysis to further draw business implications 
   Designed and created surveys for different brands on Qualtrics to evaluate consumers' brand awareness and perception 
   Cleaned the collected data on SPSS and ran hierarchical regression model to interpret survey results, drawing out consumer insights that are   valuable to the brand 
 Bain & Company, Inc. Shanghai, China 
 Information Services Department, Market Research Intern Jul. 2018 - Jun. 2019 
   Sourced market data/information of specific industries and companies for consulting work by using database such as Wind, CV Source, 
 Capital IQ or lit research 
   Analyzed the state of development from clients of high-technology, entertaining and manufacture industries and extracted useful   information into final analysis reports 
   Collected reflective business cases and valuable industry data to enrich Bain's company base by desk research 
 NIKE Sports (China) Co. Limit Shanghai, China 
 Nike Football, Brand Marketing Intern Jul. - Dec. 2018 
   Evaluated competitors' performance of 2018 World Cup sponsorship by tracking social buzz and summarized the methodology of how to   create a hot social topic 
   Conducted qualitative market research upon 2019 Women World Cup by analyzing popular women players' profiles for partnership fitness   and reasons behind Women World Cup's unsatisfying popularity in China 
   Sharpened consumer insight regarding Nike new film by analyzing consumers' preference through their related conversations in all media   platforms and summarizing their feedback and insight 
   Optimized football products display and promotion plan to drive traffic at targeted Nike stores by conducting 8 focus group interviews and   consumer behavior analysis 
 L'Oréal China Shanghai, China 
 Consumer Product Division, Digital Marketing Intern Feb. - Jun. 2018 
   Facilitated a holistic IMC campaign for 'MG Freshmix Black Musk' launch, running an online campaign to offline events, which resulted   in brand exposure of 100 million views 
   Forecasted future ROI by analyzing current online sales performance and social buzz during brand events 
   Tracked competitors' strategic moves and collected industry trend for management reference 
   Communicated with KOLs and media partners to promote branding content with higher efficiency and targeting accuracy 
 Ernst & Young Shanghai, China 
 Core Business Services, Business Develop Intern Nov. 2017 - Feb. 2018 
   Consolidated and analyzed business performance data in different sectors of the company, giving reports to interpret the data and propose   directions for advancement 
   Analyzed business gap for clients based on given data and suggested action plan accordingly 
   Monitored the daily product news and industry trends for the Alibaba Group client 
 SKILLS 
   Language: Fluency in English and Mandarin 
   Software: Python, Qualtrics, Tableau, Visio, Stata, SQL, SPSS, R, Outlook and Microsoft (Excellent EXCEL skill) 
   Activities: Global volunteer at Kocaeli/Turkey for 2 months; Marketing lead for AIESEC-SUFE, built relationship with over 20 overseas   branches and connected 32 students at SUFE with global volunteer programs in term, which was highest performance since established 
