WEI WANG 
3132091382 wantway@outlook.com wangwei.myportfolio.com Available to Relocate www.linkedin.com/in/wwang666 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
I am a user experience designer equipped with strong user research skills. I love working with users through the design process to synthesize quantitative data and can always get informed to develop a better design solution. I am currently looking for opportunities in user experience design and design research. 

EDUCATION 
College for Creative Studies, Detroit, MI 

Master of Fine Arts in Integrated Design, May 2019 
MFA Scholarship, 2017-2019 
 
Beihang University, Beijing, China 
Bachelor of Engineering in Industrial Design, June 2017 
Friends of Beihang Scholarship, 2013-2014 
SKILLS  
Expert: Design Research (Interview, Co-creation, Survey), Illustrator 

Advanced: Adobe XD, Photoshop, Data Visualization
Intermediate: HTML & CSS, JavaScript, Premiere Pro, After Effects 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
User Research Intern, Zaozuo Design Incubator Jun - Aug 2018 

  Designed and led "Customers' Behavior on Choosing Furniture Color" research project which effectively complemented the company's product color selection system by understanding users. 
  Initiated the research project "Customers' Preferences on Sofa Fabric" to help the design team make better decisions on choosing sofa fabric. 
  Aided competitive analysis to help product planning.
   Skills Used: Interview, Co-Creation, Sales Volume Analysis, Online Survey 
 
Associate Designer, YuanWu Art Design Co., Ltd Jul 2016 
  Conducted user research through desk research and interviews to explore possibilities for application of Segway Robot platform. 
  Developed a design concept of accessory for Segway Robot platform to help Segway to open the market of children under 7. 
SPONSORED PROJECTS 
User Experience Designer, Detroit Equitable Mobility 2030, Ford Motor Company Sep 2017 - Apr 2018 

  Conducted research on Detroit that combined data-driven report studies, expert opinions, and interviews to explore important issues and provide insights for Detroit Equitable Mobility 2030.
   Developed a 2030 scenario to help Detroit entry-level employee population realize their full potential by providing entry-job stabilization and entrepreneurship training. 
  Constructed an innovative service design to support Detroit citizens by providing sustainable healthcare support and preventive nutrition information on a neighborhood scale. 
  Featured "The Road Ahead: Reimagining Mobility" exhibition, the Cooper Hewitt, Smithsonian Design Museum, Dec 2018 - Mar 2019. 
 
Product Designer, Global Product Development Program, Beihang University Aug - Nov 2016 
  Collaborated within an interdisciplinary team on user research in both China and Korea to hunt a novel and valuable global problem. 
  Developed design of a breakfast alarm to help people living alone start an energetic morning with delicious breakfast. 
  Built a working prototype to convey the product idea 
  Ranked 2nd of 9 teams by university professors.  
 
 
