Yuhan Duan 
 (812)-650-2903 yuduan@imail.iu.com 
 
Professional Summary 
Ambitious Marketing Coordinator routinely coordinating and performing an assortment of marketing and administrative duties. Adept at evaluating the results of marketing efforts tracking ongoing marketing activities and interrupting results. Specialize in analyzing customer experiences and competitor activities to devise marketing strategies. 
Passion about UI & UX design, collaborating with product management and engineering to define and implement innovative solutions for the product direction, visuals and experience. Conceptualizing original ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex design roadblocks 
 

Education 
Indiana University of Bloomington 
Bachelor of Arts, Telecommunications. Dec 2017. Bloomington, IN 
Minor in Kelley School of Business.  
Academy of Art University 
Master in Web Design & New Media  Feb 2018. San Francisco, CA 

Marketing and Media Experience 
0X3Media Studio, New York  
Marketing & Production Assistance, Internet Program "Startups in America" -Summer 2016 
        Serve as marketing planner on multiple social media platforms with 30,000 subscribers. 
        Providing and editing daily new for web update. 
        Composing and design the "WeChat", "WeiBo" and "Zhihu" public accounts every day. 
 
LZTV, National Broadcast and TV Station of Lanzhou, China  
   Marketing Assistant of application "Love Lanzhou", Summer 2015 
        Boosted 20% users of application and social media within 6 weeks.  
        Researched new business opportunities, helped develop new users. 
        Developed sponsorships and partnership with small business and manage relationships.  
        Contributed to application's marketing strategy; provided administrative support team. 
        Part of interface designer of application and poster.  
 
  Design & Production Assistance of TV program, Summer 2015 
        Served as photographer, set management and control desk assistant. 
        Preside over social media audience interactions during the "International Marathon of Lanzhou 2015" 
        Edited daily TV shows via Adobe Premier and other Software. 
        Directed and edited two short videos and published on TV station website.  
 

Leadership And Activities 
Marketing VP of " D-Force " Dance Club (Devil's Force) Fall & Spring 2016  
Marketing VP for Blazor Photograph Studio Fall & Spring 2016 
 

Additional Skills 
Adobe Photoshop | Adobe After Effects, Premier| WeChat Composing | Composing | Marketing Research | Game Design | Advertising Design | Social Media Management | Word Press | Microsoft Office: Word, Excel, PowerPoint,  
UI & UX| Sketch| Invasion| Prototype| Marvel|  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
