
 Peipei Lei 
 pl1730@nyu.edu | 646-541-3156 | New York, NY | www.linkedin.com/in/peipeil 

 Creative Marketing Specialist 
 A recent NYU Grad with an MS in Integrated Marketing concentration at Marketing Analytics. Always   in search of growth and opportunities. Have a passion for marketing analytics, digital marketing and event   planning. Known for acting as a liaison between creativity and analytics departments. Motivated marketing   enthusiast with excellent interpersonal skills and multi-cultural backgrounds. 

 Diversity and Inclusion Intern Feb. 2019 - May. 2019 
 Atelier Ace/Ace Hotel (New York City, New York) 
   Work with team members to design a strategy to refine efforts to foster belonging among disabled,   transgender, and gender non-conforming employees and guests 
   Educated employers about the importance of disability inclusion and connected it to service providers   and resources to improve disability inclusion 
   Creative marketing specialist: Conducted primary and secondary research to identify strengths and   opportunities for growth in the diversity and inclusion area 
   Visual Designer & Photographer: Apply creative design to case presentations, take pictures for the   project. 

 Editorial Assistant Jan. 2017 - August 2017 
 Condé Nast Traveler China (Beijing, China) 
   Events Planner and Coordinator: Planned and executed offline activities (2017 Gold List-Condé Nast 
 Traveler China, Lincoln Collaboration Project, etc.) 
   Assistant Producer: Road Trip Project- Condé Nast Traveler China and Ford Mustang 2017; Interview   with social media influencers and featured writers and artists 
   Editor & Featured Content Writer: Write Info & Express Column of the monthly issues; Proofread 
 Chinese-English translations for articles and features, edit audio/video materials of interviews 
   Public Relationship Liaison: Contact with brand PR executives and catering to the costume arrangement   orders. 
 Online Marketing Intern Sep.2015 - May. 2016 
 Waiola Life LLC (Telecommuting) 
   Promoted active social media presence by interacting with potential customers and responding to social   media inquiries 
   Collaborated with managers to create and design content for Instagram account and created email   marketing campaigns tailored to different group of customers. 

 EDUCATION 
 Master of Science in Integrated Marketing May 2019 
 New York University | Concentration: Marketing Analytics | Overall GPA: 3.89 New York, NY 
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration June 2015 
 University of Oregon | Concentration: Finance Eugene, OR 

 SKILLS 
 Languages: Mandarin (native), English (fluent) 
 Skills: Microsoft Office; Google Analytics and Google Ads; Familiar with Hootsuite, SAS, JMP, R, Python. 
