
 Chenglong Zang 
 (480) 414-8801 zangchenglong@hotmail.com 

 Profile 
 Dynamic and influential business leader with 8+ years' work experience in M&A divestiture, supply chain   management, go to market strategy, process improvement and program management. Articulate speaker and   experienced negotiator with excellent analytical and planning skills. 

 EDUCATION 
 W. P. Carey School of Business at Arizona State University, Tempe, Arizona May 2016 
 Master of Business Administration (MBA) 
 Master of Business Analytics (MSBA) 

 School of Business at Beijing Union University Beijing, China May 2007 
 Bachelor of Science, Business Administration 

 PROFESSIONAL SKILLS 
   Project Management   Process Re-engineering   Vendor Management 
   M&A & Divestiture   Go to Market Strategy   Financial Analysis 
   Supply Chain Management   Business Strategy   Contract Negotiation 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Deloitte Consulting LLP, San Francisco, CA 2016 - Present 
 Strategy & Operations, Senior Consultant, 
 -M&A Divestiture 
   Established contracts for nearly $2B in spend for the spin-off of a Global Fortune 100 company, hosted the twice a week   divestiture status report meeting, and led team of 3 performed strategic negotiation with 80+ high profile vendors, achieved   savings of nearly $20MM. 
   Conducted pre-merger spend analysis for 6 categories across 50+ suppliers, performed a detailed synergy opportunity   assessment and identified immediate savings of approximately $10MM, and developed strategic execution plan. 
 - Go to Market Strategy 
   Performed comprehensive financial analysis and detailed company research for 100+ Deloitte existing and potential   clients, identified top clients with their critical issues to own, developed prioritized go to market plan with Deloitte specific   services offerings, and estimated year over year revenue growth opportunity. 
 - Project Management 
   Led the project management office (PMO) of the digital transformation program for a Global Fortune 100 company,   developed detailed program execution plan, timeline, reporting system and other related materials. 
   Led the once a week PMO status report meeting, monitored project progress across all work streams, managed   relationships with 10+ senior leadership and key business stakeholders, and resolved conflicts and negotiated resolution   between multiple parties and stakeholders 

 TriWest Healthcare Alliance, Phoenix, AZ Summer 2015 
 Operation Project Manager Intern, 
   Led a five-person consulting team to improve numerous business processes and the customer experience by identifying   pain points, developing strategic action plans and reengineering operations. 
 PTAH GROUPS, Beijing, China 2010-2014 
 Chief of Staff/Manager, 
   Collaborated with CEO to deliver pitches and conduct negotiations, leading to business opportunities in total worth $10   million from approximately 30 projects. 
   Personally provided consultation to the CEO's of China's largest privately held companies. 
   Led cross-functional teams and key contributors with up to 50 resources to delivery large urban planning project to C-level   executives as well as high level government officials. 
   Acted as single point of contact amongst clients, PTAH's executives, and employees, represented the company to   communicate with clients and maintained client relationship, resulting in 100% retained clients. 
 DRAGON TOURS, Beijing, China 2007-2010 
 Owner 
   Established tourism business partnership with oversea travel companies, operated and personal led total 60+ oversea   business groups traveling in China; generated $200,000 revenue per year. 


