

 YING CHIAO 7810 VIRGINIA OAKS DRIVE, GAINESVILLE VA 20155 | 301-979-8229 | YINGCHIAO@G.HARVARD.EDU 
 Energetic, analytica l Financial Manager with over 1 0 years finance and accounting experiences adept at   increasing work process efficiency and profitability through functional and technical analysis. Aspiring to build   a challenging career with honesty and loyalty by translating my experience, knowledge, skills and abilities into   value for your organization. 
 SKILLS & ABILITIES 
   Financial analysis & Reporting; 
   Budget planning & Forecasting; 
   QuickBooks, NetSuite, SAP; 
   Bilingual in English and Chinese; 
   GAAP; 
   Cost control & Reduction; 
   Internal controls; 
   Manage multiple priorities & deliver in fast paced environment; 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Sept. 2016 - now Loan Officer and Finance Manager , Arc Home LLC 
  Manage the preparation of multistate taxes, compliance and financial reports; 
  Monitor and analyze all fiscal operations, and perform cost analysis and cash   management; 
  Coordinates with management team to oversight monthly/quarterly forecast and close   variances as well as financial opportunities and risk; 
  Implement and maintain policies and procedures in accordance with US GAAP; 
  Loan origination and supervise the work of loan personnel; 
 Oct. 200 9 - Aug. 2016 Accountant - Controller , Universal Stones Inc. 
  Accountable for all general construction accountings, including taxes, payroll, and   quarterly financial statements for bank audit. 
  Assisted business partners with strategic business investment and development,   performed budgeting and analyzing; 
  Successfully applied and secured maximum SBA loan, registered state MWBE certificate,   and participated all other government contactor programs. 
  Oversight the management of profitability, sales, finance, growth, and proper cash   handing; 
  Maintained and enforced all internal controls, financial policies and procedures in   compliance. 
 EDUCATION 
 Sept. 2018 - present Master in Finance Boston Massachusetts Extension Study , Harvard University 
 Jun. 200 5 - Jun. 200 9 MBA Annanda le Virginia University of Northern Virginia 


