
 Sijia Gao 
 Address 850 S LONGMORE.MESA, AZ 85202 
 Email:Cicigao96@gmail.com Cell: 480-553-3525 
 Career Objective 
 Seek opportunities to prove my marketing skills and to learn new marketing techniques. Possess 3+ years of experience   working in the fields of marketing and customer relationships. Looking forward to utilize my experience in marketing to   coordinate and assist the company to a new level of success and improve profitability. 

 Skills 
   Strong communication skill; many years of experience in customer service and sales. 
   Expert knowledge in marketing principles, sales strategy-making, market research methods and brand   development theory. 
   Strong sense of fashion aesthetics and designing techniques that help to present the merchandise in captivating   manner. 
   Excellent market research, forecasting and decision-making abilities that help to make accurate preparations for   benefiting from future trends. 
   Ability to establish friendly relations with customers and associates by maintaining courteous and helpful conduct   at all times. 
   Familiar with the several marketing, promotional and brand development avenues that can be used for improving   sales. 
   Familiar with graphic design skills to improve product appearance 
   Familiar with Microsoft Word, Microsoft PowerPoint and Microsoft Excel. 
   Bilingual - English and Mandarin 

 Work Experience 
 MISS SU Jewelry 05/2016 to 01/2020 
 Marketing Associate - Beijing, China 
   Developed extensive conflict resolution skills as a result of diffusing tense situations with unhappy customers. 
   Asked open-ended questions to determine exactly what each customer was looking for, what the price range was   and who would be given the purchased item. 
   Work closely with customers, to determine the best marketing strategy. 
   Followed up with over 100 customers each week to verify that they were satisfied with   purchases. 
   Wrote sales slips and sales contracts. 

 FasTracKids Kids Club 01/2015 to 09/2015 
 Account Associate Manager- Beijing, China 
   Designed monthly activity schedules 
   Promoted physical development through recreation. 
   Keep in touch with the parents and their friends to seek opportunities to improve the enroll rate. 
   Communicated with parents about behavioral concerns. 
   Initiate activities with the class and create an environment that allows active participation 
   Design group activities that benefits the learn of the class 
 Education 
 Bachelor of Science: Marketing August 2019 
 Arizona State University W. P. Carey School of Business- Tempe, AZ 
 Dean's List Fall 2016 
 Dean's List Spring 2017 

 High School Diploma: Spring 2014 
 Hernando Christian Academy - Brooksville, FL 
 Principal's List Fall 2013 
 Principal's List Spring 2014 

