
 SIHAN SUN
 PRODUCT DESIGNER
 EDUCATION
 University of California, Berkeley
 Master of Urban and Information 
 Design, GPA 3.76/4.00
 Aug 2018 - Aug 2019 | Berkeley, CA
 Chongqing University
 Master of Design, GPA 3.80/4.00
 Sep 2012 - May 2015 | Chongqing, China
 CERTIFICATION
 New Media Certificate
 Human-Computer Interaction
 SKILLS
 Design
 Design Thinking
 Storyboarding
 Wireframing
 Prototyping
 Visual Design
 Interaction Design
 3D Modeling
 Research
 User/Market Research
 Usability Testing
 Qualitative/Quantitative Research
 Tools
 Sketch 
 Figma
 InVision
 Axure
 Principle
 Adobe Suite
 Programming
 HTML/CSS
 XML
 Java
 WORK EXPERIENCE
 Eventera | Educational live-streaming start-up
 UX Designer, Sep 2019 - Present, San Francisco
 Built the live-streaming web application from scratch to fully implemented.
 User research: Conducted the user research of live streaming market, led the user   interviews of 5 event creators and 10 viewers, built road map and user journey map,   translated insights from qualitative research into workable feature designs.
 Core user flows: designed the main booking and watching flows for viewer, generated   the IA and wireframes, testing and iterating to successfully help users navigate efficiently.
 Prototypes: designed the viewer experience prototypes and drew some illustrations at   the homepage, delivered the prototypes to the developer and collaborated with the team.
 CareerEngine | North American Chinese news hub with 1m MAU
 Product Designer, Dec 2019 - Present, San Francisco
 Post web navigation redesign: By conducting competitor analysis, user interview and 
 A/B testing, improved the navigation discoverability and layout hierarchy, this project   leveraged user research to validate assumptions that are expected to improve user   engagement and stickiness by 30%+.
 Mobile end responsive redesign: Redesigned homepage structure and subscribe   experience aligned with web-end.
 Design system: Unified the brand identity, normalized the typeface and color palette,   delivered the CTA style and card component to developer.
 Sinocare | Leading healthcare company
 Product Designer, Jun 2017 - Apr 2018
 Redesigned the SaaS project for customer and internal management end, increasing DAU   by 70% and online sales by 32%.
 User research: Deeply investigated patients and internal staffs, built stakeholder map,   translated user pain points and requirements into actual insights and designs.
 Usability testing: Proposed several wireframes for customer's dashboard, recruited   users to test the onboarding and upload information flow; Iterated 3 generations of   wireframes for internal staffs, improving work efficiency with highly positive feedbacks. 
 Hi-Fi prototypes: Redesigned the Hi-Fi animation prototypes, delivered new mock-ups   and design library to the engineer teams.
 Hunan Architecture Design Institution
 Design Lead, May 2015 - May 2018, China
 Worked on official website visual design and urban design project management. Led a   product design competition an award-winning interior design App with VR concept.
 sihansun.myportfolio.com
 sihan.sun44@gmail.com
 (510) 631-5362
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
