
 James Hsu
 jameskhsu@gmail.com
 650-575-2158
 linkedin.com/in/jameskhsu
 Summary
 Seasoned Product Leader in Ad Tech
  
 8 years in Data Management Platforms and cross screen targeting. Created the Identity Graph to power cross screen  targeting at Bluekai / Oracle. Developed Audience Solutions at 4INFO which was a fully functional DMP with PII  onboarding and cross screen targeting. Drove the Identity strategy at Samba TV to power cross screen TV measurement  and CTV ad targeting.
  
 4 years in video streaming technology and advertising, including enabling pre-rolls and mid-rolls in HTTP Live Streaming  on iOS, VAST and VPAID for CBS Interactive.
  
 4 years in Search Engine Marketing and monetization at Yahoo! Search Marketing and own company, Focused Marketing.
 Experience
 Senior Director of Product Management
 Samba TV
 Aug 2019 - Present (1 year 2 months +)
 Product owner of the Samba Identity Solutions. Launched a match processing service for cross-screen TV  measurement and an ID mapping solution for distribution of Samba audience segments to DSPs and SSPs.
 Evaluated multiple data supply vendors to power a privacy compliant Samba Identity Graph.
  
 Managed a team of 3 Product Managers in the Core Engineering organization responsible for TV OEM  relationships, a recommendations engine, ad recognition service and various privacy related products.
  
 Created strategy decks for several conceptual products and presented to the management team. These  included the CTV/OTT Data Cloud, Samba TV Marketing Platform for TV OEMs and Publishers and a
 Membership TV concept.
 Senior Director, Product Management
 4INFO
 Oct 2015 - Aug 2019 (3 years 11 months)
 Product owner of the 4INFO Audience Solutions platform and Syndicated Audiences.
  
 Audience Solutions enables Clients to onboard / ingest data from multiple sources, create custom audiences  with 2nd / 3rd party data and deploy to a variety of destinations for activation or analytics. At the core of  the Audience Solutions platform sits the 4INFO Identity Graph which connects mobile devices, desktop and  mobile cookies, IP addresses and connected / smart TV IDs (Roku, Amazon Fire, Chromecast, Apple TV, etc.)
 to addressable households as well as individuals residing in those home locations, offering a complete cross  screen / device solution.
  
 James Hsu - page 1

 4INFO Syndicated Audiences uses machine learning algorithms to create predicted visitors to points of  interests such as restaurants, entertainment venues, grocery stores, retailers, hotels, etc. as well as inferred  demographics such as age and gender.
  
 Promoted to Sr. Director, Product Management in 2018
 Principal Product Manager
 Oracle
 Jun 2014 - Oct 2015 (1 year 5 months)
 Drove the strategy and development of all mobile and Identity Graph products within the Oracle Data and
 Marketing Clouds (formerly BlueKai prior to the acquisition by Oracle). Lead author of several patents in  progress related to Identity Graph and cross device targeting. Product owner responsible for the following key  initiatives:
 - Oracle Identity Graph: A platform that connects users across environments and devices to increase reach for  data providers, marketers and buyers in the data marketplace.
 - Location Based Targeting: Enable geo-location data providers to monetize their GPS data by partnering with  data modelers to create targeted user profiles.
 - Cross Device Platform: A platform that enables external providers of cross device technology to sell and  monetize their linkage data.
 - Mobile Advertising ID Ingest: A capability for ingesting mobile advertising IDs such as Apple's IDFA and
 Google's ADID via online, server to server and file entry points.
 - Continuous Fast Ramp: Enable offline data (e.g. CRM data) to be on-boarded to a desktop or mobile cookie  within 24 hours.
 - Opt Out and Privacy - A framework for enabling any ID that can be used for targeting to be opted out,  adhering to the Network Advertising Initiative's code of conduct.
 Senior Product Manager
 BlueKai
 Jun 2013 - Jun 2014 (1 year 1 month)
 BlueKai offers its customers a system for managing and activating all their 1st, 2nd and 3rd party customer  data in all marketing and customer engagements. BlueKai is currently trusted by almost half the Fortune 30  brands to activate their data. In 2013 BlueKai was named to Forbes "50 Most Promising US Companies" list as  well as Fast Company's "10 Most Innovative Global Companies in Big Data.
  
 Acquired by Oracle Inc. in June 2014.
 Senior Product Manager
 BitTorrent, Inc.
 Feb 2013 - Jun 2013 (5 months)
 Product owner responsible for advertising solutions at BitTorrent.
 - Created and presented the advertising product roadmap for 2013.
 - Streamlined the process by which the ad business team can enter product requests.
 - Devised a database driven user profile targeting strategy.
 - Managed the ad server vendor selection process.
 Senior Product Manager
 James Hsu - page 2

 CBS Interactive
 Feb 2008 - Dec 2012 (4 years 11 months)
 Product owner responsible for the online video platform that enabled distribution of video and ads to all of
 CBS Interactive and its external partners.
  
 - Periodically presented online video strategy and roadmap to company executives.
 - Managed all ad integrations in the video platform including enabling VAST / VPAID and the development of  dynamic mid-roll ad insertions in mobile streaming video.
 - Developed the strategy and roadmap for the CBS Audience Network (a video syndication platform for over  300 partners of CBS Entertainment)
 - Communicated and worked closely with various internal business units at CBS Interactive (CBS.com,
 CBSSports.com, CNET.com, GameSpot.com, etc.) on a weekly basis. Co-managed (with business unit product  owners) the schedule and launch of video products across CBS Interactive.
 - Built relationships with various external vendors, conducted product evaluations and structured online  streaming deals.
 - Supervised the video platform Quality Assurance team including remote members in Idaho and China.
 Responsible for final sign-off of video products.
 Founder
 Focused Marketing LLC
 Jun 2006 - Feb 2008 (1 year 9 months)
 Founded an Internet marketing and advertising startup focused on search engine marketing consulting and  affiliate marketing projects. Grew advertising revenue by 100 times since inception of business.
  
 - Developed niche content Websites that help consumers make better purchasing decisions. Managed a  content creation team in Shanghai, China.
 - Created and presented custom tailored Internet marketing strategies for various clients including a hotel  in California, an electronic component procurement company in Texas and a Chinese online shopping  comparison Website
 - Use of various online advertiser and publisher systems including Google Adwords & Adsense, Yahoo! Search
 Marketing & YPN, Microso  Adcenter, and Commission Junction.
 Manager, Partner Professional Services
 Yahoo
 Jun 2004 - May 2006 (2 years)
 Drove the monetization of 40+ Yahoo! Vertical Properties (e.g. Shopping, Travel, Groups) that resulted in an  increase of over $13 million in revenue for 2005; a 26% increase from the prior year.
  
 - Developed and presented monetization strategies that included product implementation recommendations,  revenue models and project plans.
 - Built relationships with key business stakeholders of Yahoo! Properties. Managed monetization projects  involving various teams across Yahoo!
 - Co-inventor of "Opened LinkSpots", a patented method that increases advertising variety in a single ad unit,  thereby increasing revenue for publishers.
 Sr. Project Manager, AOL Shopping / Netbusiness
 AOL
 James Hsu - page 3

 Apr 2001 - Aug 2002 (1 year 5 months)
 Supervised a production team that integrated over 300 merchants into the AOL Shopping Network, generating  over $85 million in annual revenues. Successfully managed and launched key projects in the Netscape Net-  business portal, enabling business-to-business communications over the Web.
  
 - Developed PRD for a CRM product required to support remote merchant transactions with Amazon.com.
 - Initiated improvements to the merchant integration process. Reduced total integration time by reorganizing  the production team structure and incorporating suggestions from merchants, sales and marketing.
 - Directed the successful launch of the Purchase Pro e-commerce network for Netscape Net-business, allowing  business transactions between small-business buyers and suppliers.
 Technical Project Manager
 KANA So ware
 Jun 1999 - Apr 2001 (1 year 11 months)
 Scoped and designed custom Kana CRM products & solutions which helped clients improve their customer  service process.
  
 - Promoted to interim manager of the West Coast Integration group and directly supervised 5 consultants.
 - Designed, developed, and marketed Kana Notify, a B-to-B add-on email notification so ware that sold as a  successful product for $70,000 and was used in a variety of custom integration projects for clients.
 - Performed sales visits, wrote proposals and statements of work for numerous projects totaling over $500,000  in revenues for the West Coast Integration group.
 Project Manager, E-commerce
 Symbio
 Apr 1999 - Jun 1999 (3 months)
 Managed a project to enable submitting of building permits for Solano County, CA via their Website.
 Supervised a team of developers consisting of both local and overseas members.
 Engineering Lead
 Netscape
 Sep 1997 - Apr 1999 (1 year 8 months)
 Led the design and development of Web-database so ware applications for the Netscape Netcenter Portal.
  
 - Created a searchable Netscape Member Directory containing over 2 million members.
 - Developed the first secure extranet portal for 7,000 of Netscape's sales force and premier partners.
 Consultant, Center for Strategic Technology
 Accenture
 Sep 1995 - Sep 1997 (2 years 1 month)
 Developed and presented various scenarios demonstrating the Internet's ability to facilitate business  processes for executive clients ranging from the CEO of Intel to the Singaporean National Government.
  
 - Designed and presented a scenario for telecommuting, showcasing the latest Internet technologies such as
 Net-meeting, application sharing and digital signatures.
 James Hsu - page 4

 - Created a best practices database for approaching Internet projects that was used by all of Accenture.
 Education
 University of Southern California - Marshall School of Business
 MBA, Entrepreneurship & Marketing
 Aug 2002 - May 2004
 University of California, Berkeley
 BS, Mechanical Engineering
 Aug 1991 - May 1995
 Skills
 Product Management       Product Development       Cross-functional Team Leadership       Online Advertising       Strategic
 Roadmaps       Search Engine Marketing (SEM)       Data Management       New Business Development       Data Privacy
 James Hsu - page 5
