
  
  
 John  G.  Dodson                                           510-­-725-­-2254  |  jomibaso@gmail.com    
  
 Business  Development  &  Sales  Leadership  
  
 Highly  qualified  and  results -­-focused  Business  Development  and  Sales  leader  with  20+  years  of  experience  defining    sales  and  marketing   strategy,  driving  revenue  growth,  and  executing  turnaround  initiatives  across  global  markets    in  diverse  industries.  Exceptional  data-­-driven  manager  with   talent  for  building,  training,  and  motivating  high -­-  performan ce  teams  to  deliver  results  that  exceed  bud gets  and  expectations.    Outstanding  communicator  with    natural  ability  to  forge  relationships  and  strategic  partnerships,  build  consensus  among  stakeholders,  and  generate    trust  which  leads  to  closed  sales.  Unmistakable  professional  integrity,  unparalleled  w ork  ethic,  and  commitment  to    excellence.   
 Areas  of  Expertise:  
       Consultative/Solutions  Sales        Key  Account  Management        Strategic  Planning  
      P&L  Management        Competitor/Market  Analysis        Project  Management  
       Startup/Turnaround  Strategy        Negotiation        Change  Management  
       Salesforce  Implementation        Lead  Generation       Marketing  Strategy    
  
 Languages :    English,  Spanish,  &  German  
  
 SELECTED  CAREER  HIGHLIGHTS  
  
 Ø   Three  years  of  SaaS  Sales  as  Lead  on  primary  (MeWe)  and  value -­-added  services  (SAI  Global,  Merieux).  
 Ø   Eight  years  of  International  Experience  in  Latin  America,  Europe  and  Middle  East.  
 Ø   Revitalized  and  executed  turnaround  strategy  for  large,  underperforming  business  unit  in  Mexico  for  SCS .  
 Drove  double  and  triple -­-digit  growth  in  four   sub-­-programs:  Sustainable  Agriculture  and  Veriflora  80%;  Fair  
 Labor  Practices  300%;  and  Supply  Chain  Sustainability  43%.  
 Ø   Led  three  Salesforce  implementations  at  SCS,  MeWe,  Inc .  and  Merieux  NutriSciences.  
 Ø   Designed   Merieux  NurtiSciences'   restaurant  auditing   and  compliance  program  in  Saudi  Arabia  that  has    resulted  in  $1M+  in  new  business  in  the  region,  including  Kuwait,  Bahrain,  and  Dubai.  
 Ø   Recruited,  trained,  and  managed  sales  team  in  Mexico  and  Latin  America,  achieving  200%  top -­-line  sales    growth  and  millions   in  new,  profitable  revenue.  
 Ø   Early  pioneer  in  "in -­-sourcing"  strategy  for  global  enterprise.  Leveraged  existing  business  units  to  operate  
 North  American  sales  and  marketing  campaigns,  resulting  in  hundreds  of  leads  and  $2M+  in  new  business.  
 Ø   Led  Sales  Develop ment  Representative  (SDR)  calling  campaign  resulting  in  highly  qualified  leads  and    annual   contracts  totaling  $500K+,  and  $5.6MM  pipeline  in  eight  months  for  client  of  Kuvera,  Inc.    
 Ø   Expanded  geogra phic  reach  and  service  offering  of  SCS  Mexico  office,  delive ring  64%  year -­-over-­-year    revenue  increase  and  85 %  YOY  net  profit  increase.    
 Ø   Successfully  launched  three  new  product  lines  at  SCS:  Forestry  Chain  of  Custody,  Safe  Quality  Food,  and  
 Fair  Labor.    
 Ø   Realized  a  two -­-year  sales  increase  of  300%  by  executing   strategic  initiatives  in  Food,  Construction,  Oil  and  
 Gas,  Information  Technology  (IT),  Tourism,  and  Automotive  sectors  at  SGS .  
 Ø   By   executing   cost   controls   and   processes   driven   by   key   performance   indicators   (KPIs),   drove   profit    margins  from  12%  to  19.5%  at  S GS.    
  
 PROFESSIONAL   EXPERIENCE    
            
 Senior  Consultant                         2016  -  Present    
 Kuvera,  Inc.  -  San  Francisco,  CA    
 Consult s  sales   and   marketing   strategies   and   processes   for   various   clients,   including   SaaS   mobile   application    developer  delivering  B2B  workflow  risk  management  solutions  into  several  verticals  (Food  Manufacturing,  Retail,  
 Healthcare,  Real  Estate).  Built  out  and  def ined  sales  and  marketing  processes  and  sales  stack,  including  inside    sales,  content  marketing  platform,  and  strategic  selling.   Led  Sales  Development  Rep  (SDR)  calling  campaign  to    generate  highly -­-qualified  product  demos  with  key  target  accounts.  Act  as  Func tional  Lead  for  onboarding  and    customer  success  programs,  developing  policies  and  procedures  to  provide  foundation  for  full -­-time  employees.  
 Develop  inside  sales  and  lead  generation  programs.  Provide  business  development  contract  services.  Clients    include:   MeWe  Inc.,  DialedIn,  DNV  GL  (Certification  Body)  
  
 Vice  President  |  Business  Development ,  Middle  East                       2014   -  2015  
 Merieux  Nutr iSciences  -  Riyadh,  Saudi  Arabia    

 Developed  and  executed  strategic  sales  and  marketing  programs  aligned  with  corporate  business  goals  in  food    sector,  including  SaaS  Laboratory  Information  Management  System  and  Microbiological  Testing.   Designed  and    launched  new  business  lines  within  food  safety  risk  management,  testing,  sensory  analysis,  training,  inspection,    and   certifica tion   services.   Recruited   and   trained   Sales   and   Marketing   teams.   Spearheaded   strategic   growth    initiatives  into  regional  markets,  including  Kuwait,  Egypt,  Bahrain,  and  United  Arab  Emirates.  Coordinated  Client  
 Services  and  Delivery  teams  to  ensure  high  levels  of  quality.  Acted  as  Functional  Lead  and  Project  Manager  in  the    rollout  of  CRM  (Salesforce.com)  and  SAP  systems.  Key  Sales  Manager  for  regional  global  brands,  including  MARS,  
 McDonald's,  Coca -­-Cola,  and  Kraft.   10  FTE  and  budget  of  US$12MM.  YOY  Sales  Growth  of  85%.  
  
 Principal  |  Consultant                                   2011   -  2015  
 Blue  Dot  Alliance  -  San  Francisco,  CA    
 Delivered   sustainability   and   operational   excellence   strategies   to   food   supply   chain   clients.   Designed   and    implemented  a  comprehensive  sustainability  auditing  and  training  program  for  an  international  certification  body.  
 Consulted  private  manufacturing  clie nts  on  supplier  food  safety  and  sustainability.  Conducted  multiple  training    events  in  Africa,  Asia,  and  Latin  America.    
  
 Business  Development  Manager  |  Agri -­-Food  Americas                           2012   -  2013  
 SAI  Global  -  San  Francisco,  CA      
 Provide d  food  safety  certifi cation,   training ,  and  SaaS  solutions  to  broad  client  base  in  agriculture,  food  processing,    and  manufacturing  throughout  North  and  South  America.  Developed  and  implemented  revenue  growth  strategies.  
 Sold   SaaS   enterprise   supply   chain   management   system   design ed   for   large   retailers   and   manufacturers   with    extended  supply  chains.    
  
 Managing  Director  |  Food  &  Agriculture                               2009   -  2011  
 Scientific  Certification  Systems   (SCS)   -  Emeryville,  CA  |  Mexico  City    
 Oversaw   global   development   of   Food   and   Agriculture   division,   including   testing,   auditing,   training,   and    sustainability  services.  Implemented  Sustainable  Agriculture  and  Food  Safety  training  programs  into  several  Latin  
 American   countries   (Mexico,   Nicaragua,  Dominican   Republic,   Peru).     Participated   in   capacity   building   and    implementation  of  Starbucks  CAFÉ  Practices  program.    Contributed  to  policy  development  at  The  Sustainability  
 Consortium,  Food  and  Beverage  Committee.   Consulted  Walmart  of  Central  America  on  supply  chain  food  safety    and  implemented  training  program  for  Nicaraguan  growers.  Led  business  development  efforts  and  expanded    geographic  reach  into  Latin  America,  China,  Japan,  and  India.  Established  new  regional  offices  in  Argentina  and  
 Costa   Rica  Init iated  use  of  Salesforce.com  CRM  to  harmonize  sales  processes  between  departments.  Restructured  
 Operations   and   Quality   to   drive   efficiencies   and   compliance   with   internal/external   customer   requirements.  
 Managed  five  direct  reports,  15  full -­-time  employees  (FTEs),  and  an  operational  bud get  of  $5 .5M.    Strategic    accounts  included:  Walmart,  Grupo  Bimpo,  Grupo  Lala,  and  Home  Depot.    
  
 Managing   Director  |  Systems  and  Services  Certifications,   Mexico  &  Central  America                                   2005   -  2009  
 Société  General  de  Surveillance   (SGS)   -  Geneva,  Switzerland    
 Led  initiative  to  build  sales  team  and  restructure  operations.  Hired  and  trained  new  sales  team.  Defined  sales    strategy  and  implemented  new  sales  structure.  Created  above  market  growth  in  core  se rvices  (ISO  9001,  ISO    14001,   OHSAS   18001)   and   introduced   non -­-core   risk   management   services   (Second -­-Party   Audits,   Service  
 Certifications).  Managed  IT  infrastructure  conversion  to  global  system  under  budget  and  ahead  of  schedule.  Held  
 P&L  responsibility  for   annual  budget  of  $3M  with  17%  growth.  Supervised  five  direct  reports,  55  FTEs,  and  25    contract   auditors.   Prospected,   presented,   and   sold   to   Director,   VP,   and   C -­-Level   executives   in   Fortune   1000    companies.  E nsure  high  service  delivery  and  maintenanc e  of  prof it  margins.  Key  clients   included:  General  Mills,  
 Coca-­-Cola,  Nestlé,  Walmart,  Costco,  Grupo  Modelo,  CEMEX,  and  PEMEX.    
  
 MILITARY  HISTORY  
  
 Counterintelligence  Special  Agent                                                                                               1987   -  1990    
 United  States  Army  |  527
 th
  MI  Battalion,  66
 th
  MI  Brigade   -  Bayreuth,  Germany  
  
  
 EDUCATION  |  PROFESSIONAL  DEVELOPMENT  
  
 University  of  Colorado/MSCD                                                             1996    
 Bachelor  of  Arts   -  International  Business  Affairs  
  
 Thunderbird  School  of  Global  Management                                                                                                                                                                               2007    
 Global  Leadership  Certificate  
  
  
