
 SU QIN 
 Graphic Designer 
 suqingogo@gmail.com | New York, NY | (347)-828-6079 | www.behance.net/suqinart 
 SUMMARY 
 Passionate graphic designer with significant experience in creating unique webpages, apps, logos, and posters. 
 Comfortable designing graphics for print, web, mobile, and tablet. I also have extensive experience in Search 
 Engine Optimization (SEO) with Google Analytics and leading successful social media marketing campaigns on   platforms including Facebook, Twitter, and Tumbler. I am driven to spearhead rapid customer growth through   producing high quality products and my personal principle of always performing at the highest level of integrity. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 CROWDFUNZ HOLDING LLC Great Neck, NY 
 UI/UX Designer & Assistant Marketing Manager 10/2016-Present 
  
 Redesigned the company website based on a thorough analysis of user flows to generate more signups for our   email list. Led to a 7.8% month-over-month increase in new signups. 
  
 Designed ads for placement in a newspaper and real estate magazine, leading to over 30 new potential clients   per issue. Created banner ads for placement on various internet forums, generating 1821 clicks per month with   an average session duration of 3 minutes 35 seconds. 
  
 Directed the design and marketing of a newsletter for company events. The newsletter would attract between   40-100 new potential investors to attend. 
  
 Spearheaded a marketing campaign utilizing Google AdWords which resulted in 500 new website visitors   monthly and 2-15 email list signups daily. 
 SP PAONE EVENTS New York, NY 
 UI/UX Designer & Assistant Marketing Manager 08/2016-10/2016 
  
 Produced high quality promotional materials for wide distribution at travel shows. Materials produced ranged   in size and were displayed on various platforms such as magazines, animations, newspapers, and boards. 
  
 Managed the company's social media presence on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, and YouTube. Created new   content daily, interacted with followers, and established a keyword targeting initiative which resulted in 100   new daily visitors to the company website. 
 JCT GLASS Guangzhou, China 
 Graphics Designer 09/2015-05/2016 
  
 Led a team to strengthen the company brand by designing and creating a new logo which was adorned on office   equipment such as letterheads and envelopes. 
  
 Liaised with representatives from the company's marketing and product teams to implement a social media   promotion strategy through Facebook, Twitter, and Tumblr. 
 EDUCATION 
 PARSONS SCHOOL OF DESIGN New York, NY 
 Bachelor of Fine Arts, Visual Design 06/2012-05/2015 
 BERKSHIRE COMMUNITY COLLEGE Pittsfield, MA 
 Associate of Applied Science, Visual Design 06/2010-05/2012 
 SKILLS 
  
 Design Methods: Sketch, Persona Development, Prototyping, Usability Testing, Wire Framing 
  
 Tools: Adobe After Effects, Illustrator, InDesign, Photoshop, Principle
