
 TIFFANY CHEN 
 UX/UI Designer | Front-End Developer 
   Linkedin:   tiffanydream7 
   Portfolio:   tiffanydream7.github.io/Tiffany-Portfolio 

 CONTACT 

 (626) 321-1288 
 San Francisco, CA 94010 
 fenniemomoko@gmail.com 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Full-Stack Software Engineer Immersive  /   General Assembly 
 San Francisco ,  March 2019 - June 2019 
   Collaborated with UX/UI designers and developers from prototype to   development to build RESTful API full stack bcrypt security Apps. 
   Completed 12 projects for clients included e-commerce and SaaS Apps. 
   Saved budget over 90% by building the apps in 2 weeks with modern   technologies from design to full-stack in Sketch, React, and MongoDB. 

 UX/UI Designer, Digital Marketing  / MH Group - Birdpick Chain Stores 
 Los Angeles ,  March 2015 - Feb 2019 
   Created eye-catching graphic design for website, promotions, advertising   and social media platforms that raised sales by 25%. 
   Developed interactive mock-ups using HTML/CSS for websites that   incorporated SEO techniques increasing daily traffic by 30%. 
   Worked with cross-functional teams of executives, marketing and developers   to implement strategies to engage UX analysis and business solutions. 
 Marketing Graphic Designer, Trade Show Exhibit Designer  / ProStrap 
 Taiwan and Los Angeles ,  May 2005 - Jan 2015 
   Coordinated and designed the trade show exhibit display in Las Vegas, 
 Chicago, Germany and France total 6 times a year. 
   Planned and implemented original marketing promotions and collateral. 
   Assisted Creative Director with rebranding of the website, email marketing,   advertising, print materials, shopping filters, and newsletters. 
   Negotiated tradeshow deals with Fortune 500 companies buyers over $300k. 
 EDUCATION 
 Software Engineering Immersive Bootcamp  /  General Assembly   SF, 2019 
 Graduate Certificate Business Competencies  /  NYU ,  2017 - 2018 
 Master of Business Administration  /  University of La Verne,   LA, 2006 - 2009 
 Bachelor of Graphic Design & Marketing  /  Florida State University 
 Panama Campus, 2000 - 2004 

 PROJECTS 
   www.mattressmakers.com 
   https://cuddledown.co.uk 
   http://www.birdpick.com 
   www.luxchain.org 
   www.hireanesquire.com 
 ABOUT 
 Proactive UX/UI Designer and 
 Software Engineer who bridges the 
 gap between graphical design and 
 technical implementation. A clear 
 understanding of technologies allows 
 seamless collaboration with 
 cross-functional teams to define the 
 app looks impactful as well as how it 
 works. 

 DESIGN SKILLS 
 Sketch, AdobeXD, InVision, Webflow 
 Photoshop, Illustrator, Indesign 
 Wireframe, Prototype, Storyboard 
 User Interface, Interactive Design 
 Mobile/Web Design, After Effect 

 WEB DEVELOPMENT 
 Front-End:  React, JavaScript, 
 HTML5, CSS3, Sass, jQuery, 
 Bootstrap, Semantic 
 Back-End:  Express, Node.js 
 MongoDB, Mongoose, Ajax, 
 AWS Cloud   infrastructure  , 
 RESTful API, NPM 
 DIGITAL MARKETING 

 SEO, SME, Email Marketing 
 Shopify & Amazon Expert 
 Google Analytics Certified 
 Google Adwords Certified 
 LANGUAGES 

 English, Spanish, Chinese 
  
