TONY HUContact	+1 (415) 323-8136tony19920807@gmail.com San Francisco CA

Summary
Industrial designer with expertise in furniture and product design. Passionate about motorcycles and creating original, detailed designs. Desire for making product ideas user-friendly and attractive to buyers.

Portfoliiohttps://www.behance.net/tonyhu1992Software

    Solidworks     Keyshot     Pro Engineer    Sketchbook Pro    Illustrator     Photoshop      Mirosoft Office
SkillsHand / Digital Sketch 3D Modeling3D Rendering Prototyping Sketch Model

Work2018- Present Industrial DesignerStudio 20 Design. San Francisco CA. U.S.- Collaborate with senior designer to identify different comsumer product concepts.- Understand ergonomic and structure through medical product design.- Evaluate different concepts through mockups and hand sketches.- Using Solidworks and Keyshot to make CAD models and renderings of designs.
2017- Present Industrial DesignerN Project Design Corp. San Francisco CA. U.S.- Integrate different cultural into modern furniture design concepts.- Learn about different structure and material using of furniture design.- Provide CAD models and drawings of different design concepts.- Collaborate with engineer to finalize structure and details. Focus on manufacture and cost.2017- Present Freelance DesignerLEO Design Group. San Francisco CA. U.S.- Collaborate with senior designer and design team to identify different concepts.- Create concept sketches and renderings of different furniture designs.- Create CAD models and drawings of different furniture designs.- Learn about different materials and finishing processes and incorporate them into the design.Education2015-2017	MA Industrial DesignAcademy of Art University, San Francisco CA. U.S.Courses: Product Design Drawing / Metalworking Practice / Product Design/ Engineering Drawing2011-2015	BA Industrial DesignBeijing Institude of Fashion Technology, Beijing ChinaCourses: Industrial Design Drawing / Design Process / Digital 3D Modeling/ Materials and Processes / Design Project Lecture