
 YI-CHING WU 
 Overseas Marketing Representative/Accountant   p721003v@gmail.com 
 SUMMARY 
 Five plus years of solid experience in the field of manufacturing and Export-import firm including experience in project   management, International sales and accounting is seeking to obtain a position utilizing my proven abilities and experience   with the trilingual advantage and accounting background ,strong sales skills, problem-solving and ability to work well with   people. Experienced in dealing with different cultures and nationalities. 

 WORK EXPERIENCES 

 12/2014-04/2014 

 Industry category: 
 Manufacturing 
 Description: 
 Computer and Peripheral 
 Equipment Manufacturing 
 International Marketing Assistant Manager 
 ADATA Technology Co., Ltd. Taipei, Taiwan 
 Communicating with purchasing manager to control inventory flow. 
 Develop a digital marketing strategy and content for messaging platforms. 
 Identified problems/objections with leads/accounts and resolved or escalated appropriately. 
 Set sales goals, monitor progress, identify trends, achieve forecast, and exceed sales targets. 
 Expediting orders to improve delivery times and customer satisfaction, handling overage   /shortage/discrepancy issues at various freight forwarding facilities both here and abroad. 
 Entered new part number requests and follow up. Maintained high levels of relevant   communication inside and outside the International Customer Service team. 
 Collaborates with Product Management to ensure optimal product transitions;spports as   needed the Product Readiness processes at product launch and throughout the product   lifecycle. 

 04/2014-09/2012 

 Industry category: 
 Electronics Manufacturer 
 Description: 
 Computers and Peripheral 
 Equipment Manufacturing 





 10/2009-08/ 2006 

 Industry category: 
 Manufacturing 
 Description: 
 Computer and Peripheral 
 Equipment Manufacturing 
 Project management specialist 
 Powertech Industrial Co., Ltd. New Taipei City, Taiwan 
 Develop, execute and manage sales plans, sales budgets, and expense budgets. 
 Provide feedback to Sales Managers for Sales Representative performance reviews. 
 Manage changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate   verification techniques. 
 Establish and maintain relationships with clients and factory. 
 Develop and execute a sales plan that provides complete territory and sector specific   coverage. 
 Coordinate internal resources and factory for the flawless execution of projects. 

 Sourcing Buyer Specialist 
 Skyline Computer Company Limited, New Taipei City, Taiwan   overseeing online transactions and sales. 
 Evaluate the performance of all carriers, vendors, and goods delivery and make   recommendations to improve processes for the international buying process. 
 Maintain effective customer services and ensure timely delivery and maintain track of   product progress and development. 
 Manage all communication and negotiate with suppliers on price and delivery terms to   reduce inventory levels and cost. 
 Prepare and manage offers from beginning to end and prepare supplier contracts and   delivery schedules. 

 06/2006-07/2005 

 Industry category: 
 Export-import firm 
 Description: 
 Machinery and Equipment 
 Manufacturing 
 International Sales Representative 
 YuShinePrecisionMachineCo., Ltd.New Taipei City, Taiwan 
 Serves as the sales contact for assigned countries. 
 Delivers sales forecasts to senior management on a regular basis and actively manages   assigned territory 
 Identifies client needs through active listening and meaningful conversations; earns the   right to present potential solutions by acting as a trusted advisor. Develops and maintains   a consultative relationship with clients 

 03/2005-07/2003 

 Industry category: 
 Manufacturing 
 Description: 
 Electricity and Electronic 
 Mechanical Equipment 
 Manufacture and Repair 
 International Sales Specialist 
 CHEE SIANG INDUSTRIAL CO., LTD., New Taipei City, Taiwan 
 Engaged within the inbound inquiries from prospective customers via email or phone. 
 Maintaining records of all orders and purchases placed for accounting purposes. 
 Assisted Order Administration Manager with scheduling completed systems for delivery,   track warranties. 
 Interacted with all levels of management and act as liaison to customers and Partner   companies. 
 Maintaining the daily, weekly, quarterly, half-yearly, and annual sales reports and records. 
 Ensuring that the requirements of the international clients are met by modifying the   products and services of the organization to their likes treating and greeting the clients   very well and making them go through the purchasing methods and procedures. 

 07/2003-06/2001 

 Industry category: 
 Manufacturing 
 Description: 
 Electronic Parts and 
 Components Manufacturing 
 Accountant 
 FONG RONG MODELING CO., LTD. Taipei, Taiwan 
 Manage balance sheets and profit/loss statements. 
 Tracking payments to internal and external stakeholders. 
   Perform month-end close: maintain various tax reporting schedules and reconcile bank   accounts; 
 Preparing reports. Prepares asset, liability, and capital account entries by compiling and   analyzing account information. 
 Identifying proper accounts for transactions to be posted to the general ledger. Reconciling   vendor/bank account statements and resolving discrepancies. 
 Reconcile vendor statements requesting invoices for payment adjustments if needed and   obtain payment for outstanding credit balances. 



 CORE COMPETENCE/SKILLS 
 Fluent verbal and written skills in English, and Mandarin languages. Knowledgeable in 
 Windows and IOS with proficiency in Microsoft Office. 
 Detail-oriented 
 Contract Negotiations 
 Cost-Saving Strategies 
 International Business 
 Consultative & Solution Selling 
 Inside & Outside Sales 
 Up-selling & Accesories 
 Client Acqisition & Retention 
 Administration and Management 
 Logistic arrangement 


 EDUCTION 

 07/2011-02/2010 Masters in Integrated Marketing Communication 
 QueenslandUniversity ofTechnology, Brisbane, Australia   06/2007-09/2004 Bachelor of Applied English 
 Ming Chuan University, Taipei, Taiwan 
 06/2003-09/2000 Bachelor of International Business 

 Hsing Wu University of Science and Technology, Taipei, Taiwan   07/1999-09/1996 Advanced Degreein Accounting 
 Taipei Municipal Shilin High School of Commerce 

