
 WEILI ZHU
 Active for Jobs: Industrial Designer, Visual Designer, UI Designer
 EXPERIENCE
 work experience
 Graphic Designer, Contract  Jan. 2019 - Present
 Elite Lighting Corp. (Los Angeles, CA) 
 Provided advanced design ideas at the professional lighting company.
 - Experienced with product design and lighting product prototype creation. 
 - Collaborated with Product Team to provide some expert solutions of website and banners design.
 - Responsible for packaging, logo and illustrations for promotion.
 Product Designer, Contract   Sept. 2018 - Nov. 2018 | 3 mos
 IFGcure Tech Inc. (Los Angeles, CA) 
 Worked with product design and graphic design at a Startup Medical Company based in L.A. 
 - Designed complex website layout and mobile app UI, and create illustration for social media. 
 - Designed branding for projects, logo design, style guidelines, and print materials. 
 - Responsible for medical product design development.
 Industrial Designer, Intern   May 2017 - Sept. 2017 | 5 mos 
 Kurz Kurz Design Studio (Shanghai, China)
 A German Design Firm devoted to the well-planned execution of product design and consulting.
 - Developed with colleagues with various design projects for home appliances companies, Responsible for illustration,   concept development, CAD, renderings, and business strategy.
 - Helped the clients to define and implement innovative solution for the product direction, visuals, and experience.
 - Established design guidelines, practices and standards, and usability standards for the client's product line.
 Designer for Bus Station, Contract   Sept. 2016 - Dec. 2016 | 4 mos 
 The City of Phoenix Transportation (Phoenix, AZ) 
 Worked with the local authority to redesign the station.
 - Focused strategized designs based on cost targets, material quality, and local legal requirements. 
 - Incorporated ergonomics and human factors for increased user satisfaction.
 Visual Designer,   May 2016 - Sept. 2016 | 5 mos 
 NewTime Media Inc. (Hongkong, China) 
 Worked for celebrities to provide individual design advice at downtown HongKong.
 - Designed UI/UX for mobile app and poster for social media. 
 - Responsible for Banners for advertisements design.
 - Website layout and packaging design.
 project experience
 Industrial Designer,  Sept. 2017 - Oct. 2017 | 2 mos 
 InnovationSpace at Arizona State University (Tempe, AZ)
 Re-visioning Sun Devil Stadium at ASU
 - Worked in a transdisciplinary team with students from engineering, sustainability, business, and industrial design to   redesign the stadium for next level of eco-friendly environment.
 - Contributed my design and business skills to provide better accessibility and aesthetically for the stadium.
 - Provided plenty of research to conduct the critical design directions and illustrate for ideations.
 - Rendered the final details and collaborated with graphic designer for the final poster and presentation. 
 UI Designer,   Feb. 2016 - Apr. 2016 | 2 mos 
 Airport Kiosk UI
 Created UI for Airport Check-in Kiosk
 - Designed the platform for more convenience and enhanced privacy.
 - Optimized the wireframe the enhance user experience and smarter functions. 
 - Improved the Check-in speed and experiences, and enhance with high security.
 Vehicle Designer,   Feb. 2018 - Mar. 2018 | 1 mos 
 Michelin Design Challenge 2018
 Participated in Michelin Challenge Design for "Concours D'Elegance 2050"
 - Collaborated with teammate created a car for future to develop solutions, for both visual and construction. 
 - Created renderings and sketches, and developed 3D illustrations for presentation. 
 - Helped to refine and improve the enthusiasm for car with relevant technologies.
 
EDUCATION
 Aug. 2013 - May. 2018 | 5 yrs
 Arizona State University 
 Bachelor of Science Industrial Design 
 Bachelor of Art Design Management 
 Cumulative GPA 3.66 
 Academic Awards
 Dean's List
 Design Excellence

 CONTACT
 www.wzhudesign.com
 weili.zhu@asu.edu
 +1(407)462-9388

 INTEREST
 Photography
 Car Enthusiast
 Drawing
 Travel
 Sport
 LANGUAGES
 Expert English
 Native Mandarin
 Native Cantonese

 SKILLS
 Product Design, Visual Design, 
 Package Design, Graphic Design 
 Web Design and UI & UX Design. 
 Graphic Software
 Photoshop, illustrator, InDesign, 
 Lightroom, After Effects, etc. 
 3-D Software
 Fusion 360, Solidworks, 
 Rhinoceros, Maya, Cinema 4D, 
 Alias, V-Ray, Keyshot, etc.
 Other Design Software
 Final Cut Pro, Premiere Pro, 
 Microsoft Office Suite, etc. 



 www.wzhudesign.com