

 Nancy Zhu 
 4300 W Sarah St. Burbank, CA, 91505 · (818) 468-6629· nancyzhu1996@gmail.com 
 EDUCATION 

 Pepperdine Graziadio Business School Malibu, US 
 Master in Applied Finance, GPA 3.30/4.0 Aug, 2019 

 University of Liverpool Liverpool, UK 
 BA in Accounting, GPA 3.52/4.0 Jul 2018 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 

 Dominieren Corporation West Hollywood, CA 
 Financial Analyst Apr - Aug 2019 
   Collaborated with multiple departments and developed sales & budget reports with advanced Excel forecasting tool. 
   Researched over millions of U.S residents' wage levels in five U.S. metropolitan cities and estimated the number of   customer basements with Pivot Table and Index-match function. 
   Achieved Tableau visualization to reflect influential revenue factors and allocate resources for efficiency improvement. 
 GapcapitalPartner Beverly Hills, CA 
 Venture Capital Analyst Jan - Mar 2019 
   Built financial models to develop financial statements database for start-up companies. 
   Analyzed profitability and risk using Excel, including NPV, IRR, Payback Period and Sensitivity Analysis. 
   Constructed revenue statistical forecast and regression analysis with advanced Excel formulas (Vlookup, Hlookup, Offset). 
   Predicted the financial feasibility of companies. 
 P&G Company Shanghai, China 
 Financial Analyst Intern Jun-Sep. 2017 
   Utilized NetSuite Oracle to report monthly sales and shipment to distributors. 
   Closed monthly A/R and shipment inventory report with Blackline. 
   Visualized trend of month-end statistical journal entries with Tableau Server and Power Pivot. 
 PROJECT EXPERIENCE 

 ACG M&A Analysis Competition, Pepperdine University Nov. - Dec 2018 
   Calculated EV and Equity by using DCF Model, Comparable Companies Analysis Model, and Precedent Companies 
 Analysis Model. 
   Assessed the merged feasibility by building the Leveraged Buyout Model and calculating the cash return ratio and IRR. 
   Built the pro forma after the acquisition and combined the merged EPS and stand-along EPS. 
 LBO Case Study, Pepperdine University Jan - May 2017 
   Built the future 5 years pro forma for Pepperco Inc. based on the available and the estimated data. 
   Compare the acquisition Enterprise Value and Exit Enterprise Value and Gave the investment recommendation by   calculating cash return and ROI. 
   Built the sensitivity analysis metrics using Excel between revenue growth ratio and EBITDA/Revenue. 
 ADDITIONAL INFOR 
 Language Skills: Mandarin, English and Spanish 
 Technical Skills: Excel, R programming, Tableau, VBA, Macro 
 Interests: High Strength Aerobic Activity 
