Roger Cheng 
Certified Product Manager 
 818-676-5794 | rogerkcheng.cpm@gmail.com | www.linkedin.com/in/rogerkcheng 
Skills 
Adobe Photoshop, Cross-Functional Support, Customer Advocate, Market Trend Analysis, Market Research, Microsoft Office, Process Improvement, Product Management, Product Planning, Product Road Mapping, Project Implementation, Sales, Chinese Mandarin 
Professional Experience 
Health Net - 8 years 
Health Net - Medicare Project Management/Analyst 
October 2018 - Present 

                   Oversee high priority projects through full life cycle while consistently delivering high quality results. 
                   Build strong relationships with diverse groups in matrix managed environments in order to drive effective team results within firm deadlines. 
                   Coordinate cross-functional meetings with key stakeholders in order to achieve team expectations and organizational goals. 
                   Negotiate with project stakeholders to identify new opportunities, eliminate process inefficiencies, and mitigate organizational risk. 
                   Build and maintain product roadmaps for Individual Medicare business consistent with corporate vision. 
                   Research, develop, and implement new and improved internal processes; including policies and procedures. 
 




  Health Net - Medicare Product Coordinator/Analyst 
December 2014 - October 2018 

                        Oversaw Employer Medicare material efforts on a year-round basis; leading a diverse team during its creation, qualify, and delivery lifecycle. 
                        Led weekly meetings with various team-functional areas; ensuring materials comply with company quality expectations and CMS regulated turnaround times. 
                        Created, executed, and monitored the end-to-end process of all Group Medicare benefit grid materials. 
                        Led efforts to support sales team and management during client open enrollments. 
                        Provided quality assurance to Medicare health plans; documenting and report deficiencies to team program manager. 
                        Developed and facilitated training sessions for associates looking to replicate process improvements. 
 
 Notable Projects 
                        Conducted marketing research on the feasibility for Health Net to enter rural markets; presented findings to several senior managers utilizing PowerPoint. 
                        Developed and manage the first health plan database for Group Medicare Product; automating all plan grid creations. 
                        Developed, launched, and maintain the department intranet site, utilizing user feedback gathered through Survey Monkey. 
 Health Net - Internet Response/ Customer Service Representative III 
August 2013 - December 2014 

                     Handled member driven inquiries via electronic mail and chat for all States and Lines of Businesses. 
                     Dedicated CalPERS phone team. 
                     Solely handled the Schedule of Benefits and Coverage member requested research, print, and mail project. 
                     Composed member letters approved by compliance. 
 




  Health Net - Customer Service Representative II 
July 2011 - August 2013 

                     Managed 60+ inbound calls daily for State Health Program members and providers. 
                     Handled customer inquiries, concerns, and billing questions. 
                     Interfaced daily with enrollment services, utilization management, and pharmacy. 
                     Assisted new employee training through mentoring and hands-on training. 
                     Performed special projects assigned by management. 
 
 Notable Project 
         Developed a call center guide to educate providers on registering and navigating the Health Net website. 
 Global Vision Systems - 2 years 

Global Vision Systems - Account Representative 
July 2009 - February 2011 

         Assisted management in areas of customer service, marketing, and billing. 
         Collaborated with management to develop marketing materials and mailing campaigns. 
         Facilitated project implementation meetings with management, engineers, customer service, and project managers. 
         Made outbound sales calls to banks and credit unions to promote our company products. 
         Attended trade shows events, exhibitions, and conferences to generate brand awareness for our company products. 
         Reviewed, proofread, and qualified company publications within industry newsletters. 

Notable Projects 
                     Developed and maintained a central marketing database for all sales associates. 
                     Developed a mailing list using Microsoft Office to simplify our mass mailing campaigns. 
Education and Certifications 
California State University Northridge - Business Marketing 
Association of International Product Marketing & Management - Certified Product Manager 
 
