




 EDUCATION 
 Mast er of Business Administration Eastern Washington University Cheney, WA, U.S.A Jun. 2017 

 Bachelor of Science Electrical En gineering Eastern Washington University Cheney, WA, U.S.A Jun. 2015 

 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Localization Project Manager, Trans Perfect Co., Sh enzhen, Gu angdong, China Feb. 2019 - Present 
   Manage client relationships and communication via emails, phone calls, and face-to-face meetings; 
   Collaborate with vendors, team members and facilitate between different departments including sales, customer s ervices,   linguists and engineers; 
   Create project plans for internal and external use, define project scope and track schedules for individual project; 
   Maintain relationships with vendors; engage, recruit and train vendors for client accounts; 
   Research client content style among a variety of industries including retail, tourism, hospitality, legal, and technical. 
 Create content style guide and glossary for linguists to follow . 
   Resolve problems involving language consistency, reada bility, and accuracy and ensure on -time project delivery . 

 Localization Project Manager , Glyph Language Services Inc., Spokane, WA , U.S.A Sep. 2017 - Dec. 2018 
   Created project plans and schedules based on client -specific requirements; 
   Estimated source material for issues and risks potentially affecting language quality and delivery timeline; 
   Maintained o perational workflow by utilizing advanced skills in multilingual desktop publishing (DTP),   image/website/software localizatio n, and quality assurance testing; 
   Organize d and monitor ed work from project team members, thoroughly review ed translated work product for issues of   consistency, comprehension, la yout/DTP to ensure a high-quality end. 
 . 
 Localization Support Eng ineer , Glyph Language Services Inc., Spokane, WA , U.S.A Aug. 2017 - Sep. 2017 
   Provid ed technical support, engineering guidance and assistance for translators and content managers to resolve linguistic   problems and issues ; 
   Utilize d skills with a range of design, layout and graphic applications to ensure the fo rmatting of target files matches the   original source files or conform to other designated guidelines; 
   Prepared source files for CAT tools and Translation Memory, file types inclu ding .csv, .xml, .html, .json and etc. ; 
   Assist ed in the development of terminology research and glossary compilation. 

 Marketing Coordinator , Eastern Washington University , Cheney, WA , U.S.A Sep. 2016 - Jun. 2017 
   Design ed marketi ng materials including posters, postcards and newsletters for planned exhibitions and events using 
 Adobe Creative Suite; 
   Collaborated with administrators, community members, local and regional artists in marketing and event planning , such as   artist receptions and guest lectures; 
   Maintain ed online presence with office updates/ event news on social media including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram . 

 CERTIFICATIONS 
 Microsoft Office Excel Expert 2013 Microsoft Office Specialist Cheney, WA, U.S.A Jun. 2017 

 Microsoft Office Master 2013 Microsoft Office Specialist Cheney, WA, U.S.A Jun. 2017 



 Phone : (+86) 18690238298 Email: cli0515@outlook.com 
 Chan Li 


 TECHNICAL SKILLS 
   Business Analysis 
 Excel (Macro , Pivot Table ), Minitab 

   Desktop Publishing 
 Adobe InDesign, Illustrator, Photoshop, Captivate 

   Programing Languages 
 C, MATLAB, HTML/XML 

   Localization 
 Image, video, website, software, video games, E -learning 

 LANGUAGES 
   English - Professional Working Proficiency   Chinese (Mandarin) - Native Proficiency

