

 456 Princeton St, San Francisco, CA 94112, USA (479) 970-1091 yuyingli012@gmail.com 

 Yuying Li 
 456 Princeton St, San Francisco, CA 94112, USA (479) 970-1091 yuyingli012@gmail.com 


 EDUCATION 
 Arkansas Tech University (2015 - 2019 August) 
 Russellville, AR 
 B.S. Management and marketing Candidate 
   Relevant Course: Marketing Research/Analysis, Principles of Human resources 
 Management,Management Organization Behavior, Supply Chain Management, 
 Managerial Accounting, Business Policy, Business Finance, Money and Banking 
   Extracurricular Activity: Chinese Student Association (CSA), Management activities   and reimbursement to the university's accounting department. Assisted the international   student services at Arkansas Tech University to hold and organize on-campus events,   including Chinese New Year, Mid-Autumn Festival, Light the Night, etc. 

 WORK EXPERIENCE 
 CHINA TELECOMMUNICATIONS CORPORATION, Guangzhou, Guangdong 
 Sales Assistant Internship, May 2018 - Jun 2018 
   Receive and fill telephone orders for parts. 
   Prepare sales slips or sales contracts. 
   Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service. 
   Explain to customers how specific types of advertising will help promote their products or   services in the most effective way possible. 
 PROJECTS 
 Brand Image and Awareness of Banks 
   The purpose of the research project is collected data of brand image and awareness of banks in 
 River Valley. This research is Marketing 3153 course at Arkansas Tech University (ATU) worked   with First State Bank (FSB). The original questionnaire was designed by strategic marketing   research with modification by Marketing 3153 courses at ATU. FSB approved this survey in 2019. 
 Arkansas Tech University Marketing Plan 
   The purpose of the marketing plan is to provides new ideas that university can also benefit from   increased student enrollment and a better brand image to advocate future academics to come to 
 Tech. 
 ADDITIONAL SKILLS 
   Consumer Behavior 
   Marketing Strategy 
   Organizational Management 
   Selling & Sales Management 
   Microsoft Office 
   SAP 
   English-Business Level Speaking, Reading, &Writing 
   Chinese-Business level Speaking, Reading, &Writing 
