
 Divij Vaswani 
 (310) 854-2348   dvaswani@usc.edu   https://www.linkedin.com/in/divijvaswani/  
 Education 
 University of Southern California (USC)  Los Angeles, CA 
 Marshall School of Business 
 Bachelor of Science in Business Administration | Minor in Entrepreneurship May 2018 
 Honors: Dean's List GPA: 3.8 
 Relevant Coursework: Advanced Business Strategy, Fundamentals of Accounting, Business Strategy 

 Work Experience 
 DIV Management, LLC -  Los Angeles, CA     Spring 2018 - Current 
 Head of Influencer Brand Partnerships & Business Development 
   Manage influencer operation research, develop influencer business development strategies, and   explore partnerships with MCN's including Fullscreen Media and Studio71. 
   Research market trends and conduct daily competitive analysis to stay fully aware of platforms such   as TikTok, Instagram, Youtube, and LiveMe. 
   Source and execute brand sponsored campaigns on Youtube, Instagram, and TikTok. 
   Negotiate and secured brand deals with brands including BlueChew, Current, Gymshark, & 
 Manscaped. 
   Conducting brand outreach, pitching influencers, negotiating rates, collecting payment, and acting   as the liaison between the influencer and brand. 

 Third Bridge Group Limited -  Santa Monica, CA     Spring 2018 - Spring 2019 
 Private Equity & Consulting Project Manager - U.S Consulting Division 
   Managed projects for primary research firm that provides its management consulting and private   equity clients with access to industry experts who can offer unique insights into companies and   markets. 
   Led a team of five Analysts responsible for sourcing experts from Fortune 500 companies; utilized   tools including ZoomInfo, Sales Navigator, Salesforce, and Lusha to develop research strategies. 

 Divide Entertainment Agency -  Los Angeles, CA     Spring 2017 - Spring 2018 
 Founder/Head of Business Development 
   Managed a nightlife promotions company that promoted events at various nightclubs in Los Angeles. 
   Created and distributed marketing materials including print and online advertisements, managed   social media campaigns on Facebook and Instagram, and developed strategies to successfully   promote events at venues including 1Oak, Poppy, Hyde, and The Argyle. 

 DIVINDI -  Santa Monica, CA     Winter 2017 - Spring 2017 
 Head of Business Development 
   Developed and implemented business development strategies for a men's e-commerce luxury   jewelry startup. 
   Managed a team of sales associates that conducted influencer partnership outreach. 

 Bill Silva Entertainment -  West Hollywood, CA   Spring 2017 - Summer 2017 
 Intern 
   Provided administrative support to the A&R and Marketing Departments, created weekly show lists   to be distributed to all departments, developed weekly 'Artists to Watch' newsletters, and facilitated   and attended weekly team meetings. 

 Northwestern Mutual -  Irvine, CA   Summer 2016  
 Financial Advisory/Business Development 
   Analyzed financial systems, competitors and complementors to achieve a respective reduction of   3% and 20.8% in foreign transaction fees on taxable revenue and purchase orders for a client. 
 Skills & Interests 
 Skills:  Influencer Marketing, Los Angeles influencer market, Business Development, Social Media Brand 
 Partnerships, Content Creation, Negotiation, Business Strategy, Project Management, Fluent in English. 
