Jessie Lu San Jose, CA . (408) 791-9973 . iamning611@gmail.com CAREER HIGHLIGHT Data-driven marketer focus on Growth Marketing and Data Analytics. Educational background in MBA and Data Analysis. Tech entrepreneur with cross-functional experience at high growth startups and Microsoft, specializing in finding solutions in ambiguous environments. SKILLS SQL, Tableau, VBA, Advanced Excel, PowerPoint, Paid Social, Paid Search, Google Analytics, A/B testing, Google ads, Facebook ads 
WORK EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS Growth Marketing Analyst Intern.2020 LucidPix : A photo editing app that has 1 million+ downloads Drove quality installations and new customer acquisition: • Improved Play store reviews from an average of 3.5 to 4.5 stars by developing comprehensive A/B testing plans with product team and integrating an optimized photo sharing flow • Boosted 5% retention, 25% purchase frequency for high-LTV users through personalized email marketing base on customer segmentation across acquisition, retention, and churn prevention • Acquired new target customers and optimized paid social channel, reducing CAC by 5% and exceeding conversion goal by 25% Performance Marketing Consultant.2016–2017 Tagtoo : A top 3 digital advertisement agency in Taiwan. Orchestrated lifecycle marketing program & cross channel marketing : • Achieved an average of 290% ROI for clients while maintaining a 30% internal profit margin through ads performance optimization and ran testing across incentives, creative, content, and cadence • Managed a $15M advertising budget for a Top 5 e-commerce client to drive the growth of customer acquisition and revenue. Exceeded goal by 12% by developing seasonal and evergreen / always on campaigns Established metrics and Tableau dashboard for efficient business process: • Developed a set of new Excel reports that merged data sources from Facebook Ads, Google Ads and Oath Ads, improving data interpretation efficiency by 60% • Produced dynamic dashboards for C suites to keep track of the case status and sales forecasting, reducing cycle time of business development by 33%. Product Marketing Specialist / Project Leader.2014 – 2016 Microsoft : Multinational technology company, Fortune50 Project management including marketing goals and budget for multiple product lines: • Collaborated with cross-functional teams and monitored integrated digital campaigns including SEM, SEO, website, social networks to effectively deliver on the go-to-market strategies. • Monitored total budget across all marketing channels; built a system to track status and analyzed performance of each campaign and proposed new strategy. • Hired, trained, and managed over 20 promoters for Office pre-sales program; oversaw project scope, resource requirements, budget, and milestones, reaching 150 organizations with average 8.8/10 customer satisfaction ENTREPRENEUR EXPERIENCE Founding Partner / Strategy & Operation.2017 – 2019 DT42 Co. Ltd.,: AI startup focusing on SaaS service with computer vision Turned company’s core technology into profitable business-focused solution (Problem solver): • Generated the first $3M revenue by leading and producing first go-to-market (GTM) plan, including business model canvas, customer segmentation, competitor analysis, and pricing strategy. • Bolstered the company’s global presence by developing PR materials for company, including sales deck, public pitch, and blog writing -covering AI startups and industry report. https://medium.com/dt42 PROJECTS A Dashboard for Setting an Effective Goal on Kickstarter Tableau Link Used open data from Kickstarter to analyze average price, buyers, products of each category. This project can help start-ups to increase the possibility of meeting their crowdfunding targets. Electricity Usage Saving Plan with SQL & R Project Link Built SQL queries to extract and manipulate data. Identified user behavioral patterns and established user segmentation. ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS Database and Data Analytics, University of California, Santa Cruz (Silicon Valley Extension) 2020 M.B.A., Strategy, National Chengchi University(Top Business school in Taiwan) 2016-2019 