

 Angela Lei 
 (949) 365-6898 
 alei8@berkeley.edu 
 Education 
 University of California, Berkeley  (May 2023)   
 Business Administration (Global Management Program) 
 Studied abroad in London for Fall 2019 at the ACCENT Study Abroad Center. 
   Experience   
 Nordstrom Fashion Ambassador    (2018-2019)     Costa Mesa, CA 
   Advising Nordstrom buyers on new brands (BDG, I.AM.GIA) to introduce to their store based on   surveying teenage girls' (age 13-18) favorite brands and trends.  
   Designing clothing displays to market seasonal trends. 
  
 Experiential Marketing Associate ,  The Daily Californian  (2020)   Berkeley, CA   
   Organized a speaker panel about the fall of journalism. Successfully invited renowned reporters   such as NBC's Stephen Stock and NPR's Laura Sydell.  
   Marketed speaker panel on Facebook and Instagram, and gathered around 50 attendees. 
  
 Social Media Manager,  Scatter Laughter Club  (2016 - 2019) Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 
   Managed club's Instagram account by regularly posting announcements, such as meeting dates and   information on the book, toys, and clothing drives we host.  
   Gained 100 followers within a month.  
   Volunteer Activities  
 International Sanctuary  (2018) -  NPO assisting survivors of human trafficking   Irvine, CA   
   Assisted with packaging and tagging jewelry, and participated in quality and quantity control.  
   Involved in fundraising events at local churches.  
  
  Vice-President of Lion's Heart - Teen Volunteers and Leaders  (2017 - 2019)   Irvine, CA 
   Ran meetings when president absent, created meeting agendas. 
   Found new volunteer opportunities through reaching out to local NPOs. 
  
 Girls Inc. of Orange County  (2018) -  NPO inspiring young women to be leaders      Costa Mesa, CA 
   Assisted their YESS Entrepreneurship Academy, a summer program for young girls, as a leader,   translator, and tutor.  
   Taught them leadership, business skills, and economic literacy.  
  
 Working Wardrobes  (2016-2017)  -  NPO helping disadvantaged people     Irvine, CA 
   Helped create professional outfits suitable for interviews and helped customers create outfits.  
   Skills 
   Fluent in Mandarin Chinese and advanced in writing and reading.  
   Advanced in using Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Google Drive. 
   Basic knowledge of Adobe Premiere Pro 
 Awards  
   Presidential Service Award Gold (2018)  
   Rewarded for volunteering for over 250 hours.  
   Lion's Heart Torchbearer Award (2018) 
   Awarded to one member in each group who went "above and beyond" for their   community, showed leadership throughout the year and came to meetings prepared. 
