
EDUCATION
SHA ZHU
484-868-4247	ZHUSHA1014@GMAIL.COM	www.cinnabarsha.com
Philadelphia University	Aug 2012 - May 2014Master of Science (M.S.), Industrial DesignHuazhong University of Science and Technology	Sep 2008 - Jun 2012Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), Industrial DesignJOB EXPERIENCEPhiladelphia Chinese Community Learning Center	Art Teacher	Aug 2018 – Dec 2018• Teaching Chinese to Children older than 10 years of age.• Teaching art class to Children at the age of 5-12.Shanghai KUMHO-SUNNY Plastics Co., LTD.	Color & Innovation Engineer	Nov 2017 - Jul 2018• Market research on popular color and texture trends and market demands; analysis of consumer insights.• Conducted CMF design research, cooperating with Material R&D Engineer and Product Structure Engineer.• Color and texture design, material selection for major consumer electronics companies, including• Haier air conditioning, washer, refrigerator product line;• Huawei wireless product line;• Drones and robots for JD (Jingdong) unmanned warehouse;• Robotic vacuum cleaner for Ecovacs Robotics;• LG vacuum cleaner;• Hisense TV;• Xiaomi speaker;• Redesigned company’s color presentation swatch set. China patent number: ZL201830351186.4DanyBaby, LLC. Philadelphia, PA	Designer	June 2016 - Oct 2017• Responsible for design and development of DanyBaby website.• In charge of brand design and activity planning according to brand positioning.RhinoBaby Startup Team Philadelphia, PA	Co – Founder/Industrial Designer	June 2013 - Oct 2015• Conducted market research and data analysis on both American and Chinese markets.• Designed and developed a transformable infant sleep and play system for family travel.• Designed a stroller prototype, which included 3D rendering and sketching.Pidyon Controls, Inc. Philadelphia, PA	Research and Visual Design Assistant	June 2014 - Sep 2014• Created daily concept sketches and aesthetic designs using 3DS MAX and Sketchbook Pro for developing products that included baby strollers and motorcycle helmets.• Participated in different design process rotation, e.g. researched and compared product news, reviews, colors, materials, dimensions, and prices of existing and competitor products.• Compiled sketches and renderings into presentation files for investor review and analysis.• Summarized and tracked, supervised the implementation of product design.
SKILLS• Professional software: Proficient in Adobe Suite (Photoshop, Illustrator), Autodesk 3ds MAX, Rhinoceros, Sketchbook, Keyshot, CorelDraw.• Product Design: Sketching, Design Strategy, Product Development, Drawing, Prototyping, Model Making/Development.• CMF Design: Color & Texture Development, Color & Texture Trend Forecast, Custom Color & Texture Solution, Material Selection, Development, and Creation.• Language ability: All-round fluent in English, Native speaker of Mandarin.ACADEMIC PROJECTSJohnson & Johnson Product Design• Mini-First Aid bag (wallet size)Unilever Product Design• Redesigned, sketched, and rendered a cleaning productRubbermaid Product Design• Designed wall-hanging storage system and made prototypeQUALIFICATION• A dynamic, team spirited and performance driven Industrial Designer.• Extensive CMF design and development experience, familiar with upstream and downstream product design, development process. Proficient in professional software. Skilled in hand painting with high Color sensitivity and taste.• Experienced in collaborating with major Chinese consumer electronics companies including HUAWEI, Haier, SUPOR, Xiaomi, etc. Familiar with the latest color and texture trends and product developments of the plastic industry.• Excellent written/verbal communication, and oral presentation skills. Capable of prioritizing multiple tasks in timely manner and adapt to new environment with creative mindset.