
 ALEXANDER YOUNG 
   (650) 465-6253   alexanderyoung93@gmail.com 
   LinkedIn   Portfolio Website   ArtStation 
 TECHNICAL ARTIST and GAMEPLAY ANIMATOR   3D Modeling Video Game Design Game Development Project Management 
 EDUCATION 
 BS, 3D Animation and Game Development - California State University, Chico - Chico, CA 12/2018 
   Honors: Excellence in Computer Graphics Awards 2018: 1st Place in Photography, 2nd Place in 3D Animation, and 3rd 
 Place in 3D Modeling and Non-Mobile Game 
   Key Courses: Digital Modeling; Digital Animation; Game Design; Level Design; Advanced Pre-Animation Production; 
 Game Asset Production; Mobile Game Development; Video Game Production; Advanced Game Production; Motion 
 Capture; VR/AR Production 
 AA, 3D Animation and Video Game Art - Cañada College - Redwood City, CA 05/2016 
   Key Courses: Introduction to 3D Modeling; 3D Animation; 3D Rigging; Concept Art; Storyboarding; Principles of 
 Animation; Senior Portfolio 
 PUBLISHED GAMES 
 3D Modeler, Resurgence: Eve of Despair (2017) - Created 3D props and characters for a fast-paced, action platformer. 
 Participated with team lead and members for feedback in sprint standups. Published on Itch.io   3D Artist and Level Designer, Shinobi Blitz (2017) - Partnered in developing a challenging tower defense game. I helped   design levels from the prototyping stage while moving up in the 3D Artist role and created main tower/enemy assets in   the production stage. Published on Itch.io 
 Concept and Sprite Artist, Iron Skies (2017) - Developed sprite PNGs and designed promotional artwork for our skill-  based combat game for mobile development (Android). Published on Google Play Store 
 Lead 3D Modeler, Skate and Grind (2018) - Managed a team of 3D Modelers as Lead 3D Modeler and made multiple   props for the skateboard-physics platformer. Communicated with the game director and wrote team-member   performance reports that were used to determine final grades. Published on Itch.io 
 Independent Developer, Breakout Blitz (2019) - Developed my own game made in Pico-8. Published on Itch.io 
 TECHNICAL SKILLS 
 Software: Autodesk Maya; Zbrush; Mudbox; Substance Painter; Unity Engine; Unreal Engine; Adobe Photoshop and 
 AfterEffects; Autodesk MotionBuilder; Google Drive; Trello; Microsoft Office 365; Pico-8, Slack 
 Skill Sets: 3D Modeling; Texturing; Asset Creation; Motion Capture; Digital Art; Concept Art; Graphic Design; Lighting;   3D Animation; UV Mapping; Level Design; Texture Shading, LUA code; Project Management; 360 videos for VR 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
 Deliveries Associate and Driver - Home Depot - San Carlos, CA 01/2019 - Present 
   Organizes and fulfills online orders from in stock products and special orders from the receiving department. 
   Operates in store vehicles like Reach Truck to retrieve palleted inventory from overhead. 
   Drives company trucks to deliver products to customer addresses and transfer products from local stores. 
   Provides customer service in a fast and friendly manner. 
 3D Modeler (Paid Internship) - Theia Interactive - Chico, CA 05/2018 - 08/2018 
   Developed 3D assets - furniture, light fixtures, custom-styled machines, etc. - in Autodesk Maya to enable residential   and commercial clients, developers, and craftspeople to visualize pre-built spaces. 
   Created a weathered planter box asset to be used in an outside garden environment, which was included in a   company demo that was shown at Neocon 2018. 
   Requested to model a garage storage unit for a client's 3D garage environment and delivered the asset within a short   timeframe, enabling the firm to meet a tight project deadline for a client. 
 VOLUNTEERING 
 Volunteer Mobile Classroom Developer - Teachers on Wheels 2019 
   Roles: Creating a 3D 'mobile classroom' prototype from a 20ft storage container and animating it to expand out from   mobile transport into an indoor classroom. Communicates with company founder for consistent feedback via Slack. 
 Member, Computer Graphics Club - California State University, Chico 2016 - 2018 

