Andrew Xu (415) 609-7207 | xandrew34@gmail.com94133 | San Francisco, CA https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-xu-74aaa1126/ EDUCATION San Francisco State University San Francisco, CA Bachelor of Science in Business Administration May 2018 Concentration Ð Finance Relative Coursework: Corporate Finance, Financial Institutions, Financial Management, Investments, Real Estate, Accounting WORK EXPERIENCE Fort Point Beer Co. San Francisco, CA Accounts Receivable Coordinator June 2019 Ð April 2020 ¥ Responsible for maintaining revenue stream, records of daily payments and deposits, investigating payments, reconciliations, cutting checks for refund, and other ad-hoc tasks. ¥ Prepare monthly aging reports and statements for accounts and sale rep, work with logistics and sales team to track receivables through spreadsheets. ¥ Accelerated cash flow and reduced workload by setting accounts up with automated billing. Work with credit manager to revamp policies, procedures, and train staffs. ¥ Collections improved cash influx and lowered sales outstanding (DSO) from 37 to 26 days. ¥ Nurture customer relationship to keep account current and ensure timely payments. ¥ Work with accounts to investigate statement inquiries regarding duplicate order, payments, credits, and other discrepancies; approve orders for accounts past net 30 terms. TrueAccord San Francisco, CA Account Manager March 2018 Ð June 2019 ¥ Help consumers recover from debt through payment arrangements that fits their finances. ¥ Offer solutions to resolve debt via cold calls, emails, and responding to account inquiries. ¥ Work w/client service and product team to maintain compliance and debt collection laws. ¥ Prepare log communication reports between consumers and creditors with CRM software. JPMorgan Chase & Co. San Francisco, CA Bank Teller December 2016 Ð July 2017 ¥ Establish strong client relationships through personal banking services and products. ¥ Promote products and alternative banking solutions to reduce workload. ¥ Service clients by accurately processing bank transactions; reconcile cash draws. SKILLS ¥ Operational Accounting ¥ Proficient in Microsoft Excel, ¥ Financial Services Word, PowerPoint ¥ CRM, ERP, project ¥ Beginner in SQL and Python management tools. ¥ Fluent in Cantonese & English 