Joey (Phui Yee) Kok 
37-38 61st Street, 3rd floor Woodside, NY 11377  (929) 353-4577 joeykokpy@gmail.com 
www.linkedin.com/in/joey-phui-yee-kok  
EDUCATION 
 Baruch College, Zicklin School of Business New York, NY  
Master of Science in Finance, GPA: 3.85 Expected 06/20 
Bachelor of Business Administration (B.B.A) in Finance and Investment  06/15 
 
              ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Group Project: Target Corporation (TGT) Valuation 
           Performed TGT and retail industry analysis and studied TGT's competitive position within the industry. 
           Constructed a financial model in Excel to forecast TGT's future cash flow based on researched assumptions such as company's market strategy and directions. Calculated TGT's value per share using Discounted Cash Flow.  
           Performed relative analysis with peer companies using trading comparables. 
Group Project: Square acquires OnDeck Capital Inc (M&A Term paper) 
           Performed a detailed analysis of payment processing and small-medium business (SMB) lending industry. 
           Analyzed both companies using SWOT analysis and identified potential revenue and value creation streams. 
           Created a deal structure based on financial health and stakeholders' interest of both companies. 
           Calculated a proforma financial statements to reflect realization of restructuring costs and synergies in phases. 
 
EXPERIENCE 
Third Party Platform Pty Ltd (a Bell Financial Group Subsidiary) Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
Bell Financial provides stock brokerage, investment and financial advisory services to private, institutional and corporate clients 
Operation Officer 06/17 - 07/18 
      Processed stock redemptions and corresponding payments while adhering to various bank policies and settlement period requirements; ensured all redemptions and payments settled accurately and on time. 
      Reconciled client accounts daily to ensure cash in/outflows matched transactions and corrected errors in real time. 
      Ensured client trade settlements cleared timely and clients had remitted payment; corresponded with client wealth advisors as needed; prepared daily variance and exception reports for management. 
      Drafted and regularly revised internal Standard Operation Procedures for more than 10 core processes. 
      Updated client account information, including satisfying all compliance requirements. 
 
Huawei Technologies (Malaysia) Sdn.Bhd Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia 
Project Financial Controller 12/16 - 05/17 
      Prepared project-based budgets ($10 M - $200 M) for two telecommunication network projects and ensured budget completeness by including all relevant products and services covered by the contract. 
      Prepared monthly financial forecast and financial analysis for two projects; analyzed and reviewed budget to actual variances. Conducted monthly project review meetings, including presenting financial performance (in English and Mandarin), budget variances, and other issues (5 - 20 people across departments). 
      Liaised with and supported business team to monitor project performance, timelines, and discuss any issues. 
      Ensured project's operations complied with company's financial management processes and internal control regulations. 
      Reviewed and reconciled project invoices worth approximately $100 million. 
 
JPMorgan Chase and Co. New York, NY 
Fund Accounting Specialist 12/15 - 07/16 
      Reconciled 10,000 back-logged mismatched accounts in 6 months and kept client accounts up-to-date through FORSS, a JP Morgan fund routing system; prepared weekly reconciliation summary reporting directly to the Executive Director and Alternative Investor Services Department Manager. 
      Performed daily closing processes for 40 accounts to ensure proper trade allocation.  
      Trained 10 new employees, locally and offshore, on daily reconciliation tool responsibility. 
      Supported team with documents preparations for auditing, ensuring all required documents were in place. 
 
              SKILLS 
Computer: Proficient in Excel (VLOOKUP, Pivot table) Word and PowerPoint; Basic in Python, Access and Visual Basic, Bloomberg Market Concept Languages: Fluent in English, Cantonese and Malay; Professional proficient in Mandarin 
 
 
 
