
 LYNN LU 
 lynnlu19@gmail.com   (510) 590-0466   https://www.linkedin.com/in/lynn-lu-15726321 

 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
 Possess in-depth knowledge in the commercial real estate and business. Apply strong risk management and analytical skills to help   with executive management decisions. 
 Core Competencies : Commercial real estate lending   Small and medium business lending   Financial modeling & analysis   Loss   mitigation & negotiation   Strategic planning risk management   Fintech Franchise Lending   Native proficiency in Chinese 
 - 
 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
   APPLE PIE CAPITAL - SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
 Work to improve the credit process and install structure and for a Startup Fintech lending company. Recently, work on the PPP program to   process $450MM in loans. 
 Senior Underwriter November 2019 - Present 
   Review loan applications, business plans, and financials to making pricing recommendations or approve/decline loans. 
   Refine tools and practices to increase the efficiency of the credit decisions, and the quality of entrepreneurs' experience. 
   Work with various departments to optimize the credit policies and strategies. 
   Collaborate with risk and data science functions to optimize portfolio performance and risk. 
   Works at a cross-functional role and business partner and leverage the firm's technology (Salesforce as CRM). 

   UNITED BUSINESS BANK - WALNUT CREEK, CA 
 Worked closely with Chief Lending Officer and helped double the Bank's total asset from $600 million to $1.3 billion. Successfully managed   the Bank's entire small business loan portfolio after the M&A, and prevented potential pay-off and client loss through client relations. 
 VP/Business Development Officer June 2017- October 2019 
   Researched potential new markets and maintained active contact with known referral source relationships and prospective SMB clients. 
   Negotiated, rated, and structured the terms and conditions. Set up covenants and provisions based on clients' financial conditions. 
   Participated and presented at industry conferences. Increased visibility of Bank's products and services through strategic marketing. 
 VP/Portfolio Manager June 2016- June 2017 
   Managed existing portfolio valued over $70 million. 
   Monitored performance of the portfolio; scheduled periodic meetings with clients for updates; reviewed client financial profiles to   evaluate the eligibility of the financing requests, designed suitable structure, prepared and executed loan documentation. 
   Worked with special asset department for underperforming portfolio, restructured and re-negotiated terms to minimize Bank's loss. 

   BANK OF THE ORIENT - SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
 Worked at the Bank's headquarter office specializing in Asian-American community lending. Led and managed projects such as   restructuring and monetizing underperforming loans and setting up the financial monitoring report system. 
 AVP/Portfolio Manager July 2014 - June 2016 
   Underwrote commercial loans and presented the memo to Bank's Executives and the Loan Committee for approval. 
   Structured appropriate terms by analyzing the client's financial situation and evaluated financials ratios. 
   Performed quarterly/annual financial review of existing portfolio and recommended credit grade adjustments. 
   Managed the Bank's special asset portfolio, including restructuring contract terms, note sale, and deed in lieu of foreclosure. 
 Prepared loan classifications, non-accrual listing, loan delinquency, and classified action plans. 
   Worked closely with the Chief Credit Officer on a variety projects including set up of financial covenant report system for the bank,   stress test for HELOC loans, and monitoring non-accrual accounts. 

   MISSION NATIONAL BANK - SAN FRANCISCO, CA 
 Worked closely with credit department to develop and implement an action plan to transition the Bank out of the OCC consent order,   resulting in the business returning to normal operations. 
 Financial Analyst June 2011 - July 2014 
   Analyzed and verified financial documents for commercial loans. 
   Prepared memorandums for Bank's Executives and Board of Directors for approval. 
   Ran stress tests for the Bank's commercial loan portfolio on a quarterly basis. 
   Prepared quarterly industry analysis report for the Board of Directors. 
   Managed and monitored the Bank's existing portfolio including underperforming debt collection and liquidation. 

 EDUCATION 
 GOLDEN GATE UNIVERSITY SAN FRANCISCO, CA, USA April 2009 - April 2011 
 Masters of Science in Finance, Concentration in Investments 
 ANHUI AGRICULTURAL UNIVERSITY HEFEI, ANHUI, CHINA September 2004 - July 2008 
 Bachelor of Arts in Economics, Graduate with Honors, Class President 
