Chit Fong Wong (Ivan) 
 
  Walnut, CA 91789 - 917.349.3053 - Ivan.F.Wong@Gmail.com 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Sands Chinese Restaurant, Inc. 
Business Development Manager/ 
Co-Founder Irwindale, CA 2020 - Present 
C&F Foods Inc.  
Logistics Analyst 2018 - 2019  
American Trading International, Inc.  
Senior Logistics Coordinator Los Angeles, CA 2016 - 2018 (2 years) 
 Export Coordinator 2017 - 2018 
Export Assistant 2016 - 2017  
 
 Bank of America 2014 - 2016 (2 years) 
Personal Banker Irvine, CA 
 
Walgreens  2004 - 2014 (10 years) 
Assistant Manager West Covina, CA (2012 - 2014) 
 El Monte, CA (2011 - 2012) 
Alhambra, CA (2009 - 2011)  
 New York, NY (2007 - 2009) 
Retail Management Trainee New York, NY (2007) 
Service Clerk, New York New York, NY (2004 - 2007) 
 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
 
Currently as Business Development Manager/Co-Founder at Sands Chinese Restaurant, Inc. 
 
 Strategized and improved processes to keep business profitable (+200%) during this global pandemic.  
 
Persistent, disciplined, patient, & open-minded Entrepreneurship - implemented & managed various projects to successfully open and to operate business according to visions/goals communicated among stakeholders.  
 
Creative, passionate, motivated, and confident self-starter to constantly negotiate and persuade customers, vendors, suppliers, and other parties for the best interest mutually.  
 
Keen to research & respond to changes/challenges promptly & accurately occurring in the market, industry trends, & competitors - to minimize possible risks and costs.  
 
Strictly comply with applicable laws & regulations to ensure highest level of safety and integrity publicly & internally.  
 
Previously as Logistics Analyst - With C&F Foods, Inc., one of the largest privately held supplier of beans, lentils, rice and popcorn available in supermarkets and warehouse clubs around the world, with production plants across the U.S.   
 
Worked alongside with Director of Logistics Department & team & other cross-functional departments to facilitate and to maintain profitable & desirable operational results.   
 
Diligently and precisely managed over $25 Million worth of domestic and foreign inbound freights via rail, trucking, and ocean.   
 
Strategically sourced, developed, and trained new vendors to maximize the value of their services to our business needs and to foster long-term mutual success.   
 
Previously as Senior Logistics Coordinator - Southeast Asia Regional Logistics Specialist with American Trading International, the country's largest agricultural producer and exporter with more than $18 billion in exports. 
 
Member of Team Global Logistics - Successfully handled and exported shipments over 25 different countries. Managed more than $10 Million worth of goods, over 50 accounts, combining all shipments up to date.  
 
Contract handler for one of the major shipping lines - Monitor business activities and seek opportunities to promote good partnerships among different parties such as clients, suppliers, 3PLs, and vendors.  
 
Work closely with manufacturers, warehouses, truckers, and shipping lines to create timely and cost-effective supply chain results. 
 
Highly independent, team-growth oriented, and results driven through multi-tasking. 
 
 
 
 
Advanced knowledge of the following systems/programs/tools/services for related tasks or assignments: 
 
            ERP - SAP operational system   US Harmonized Tariff Schedule (HS Codes)  
                 Import/Export procedures & Documentations   Contracts/Rates Negotiations 
            P&L - Cost Analysis & Budgeting   Various transportation modes: RAIL/FCL/LCL/FTL/LTL/Intermodal/Air shipments   Automated Commercial Environment (ACE) / Automated Export System (AES)  
            Ocean Trade Platform - INTTRA   Many shipping lines' websites & functions   SharePoint 
            Partnership experience with many of the largest shipping lines/ocean carriers (Ex: MAERSK, MSC, CMA CGM, COSCO, EVERGREEN, SAFMARINE, APL, ONE, etc.) 
            Partnership experience with some of the largest rail companies (Ex: Union Pacific, BNSF, CSX, UP, Canadian Pacific Railway, EIRR, FECR, etc.) 
 
Two years of progressive responsibilities with Bank of America as the multinational banking and financial services corporation.  
 
Selected to be Sales Champion due to outstanding performance. 
 
Previously as Personal Banker, focus on building and deepening relationships with clients by discovering financial needs, offering appropriate financial solutions, and fulfilling the unique life priorities for each individual client. 
 
Had consistently proven results exceeding goals in a performance-driven and team-oriented environment.  
 
Previously as Assistant Manager with Walgreens, ensured productive, profitable operations. Coordinate store activities to meet corporate marketing and sales goals. Extensive knowledge in Warehouse & Inventory Management.   AS400   Coaching   Merchandising   Departmental Revisions/Resets   Community Events  
 
 Train, supervise and evaluate staff to support corporate brand through outstanding customer experience, product knowledge and professionalism. 7 years of experience supervising teams of 10-15 team members. 
 
Promote organizational citizenship by providing motivation and acknowledging proactive job performance.  
 
QUALIFICATIONS 
 
         A Management & Sales Professional with a valuable skillset, including Leadership, Business Planning, Market Research & Analysis, Trend & Forecasting, and Customer Relations Strategies.  
         Excel in Logistics, Marketing, Sales, Staff Supervision and Administration.  
         Highly entrepreneurial; devise and implement policies and procedures to ensure cost-effective, efficient and profitable business practices.  
         Manage daily activities and ambitious projects to optimize organizational outcomes; forge productive partnerships among stakeholders of diverse backgrounds and skills.  
         Personable and articulate; represent organizations effectively in the public arena.  
 
Experience supported by a Bachelor of Business Administration with an emphasis on Marketing. Bilingual in Chinese. IT Literate: Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel & Outlook. 
 
Interested in challenging supply chain management and/or business development opportunities, in a wide variety of industries, to apply the full range of proven capabilities, making significant contributions to company/corporate productivity and profitability. 
 
EDUCATION 
 
         Baruch College, New York, NY Bachelor 2009 
         Business Administration Emphasis: International Marketing Minor: Psychology 
