

 Mandy M. Deng 
 San Francisco, CA | mandymdeng@yahoo.com | C: (628) 224-0298 | linkedin.com/in/mandymdeng 

 SUMMARY 
 Finance, operations and 
 administrative professional with 
 experience supporting C-Level 
 executives in complex international 
 organizations. Demonstrated ability 
 to work and collaborate effectively 
 with all levels of employees, vendors,   and clients. Composed and 
 competent, ability to perform 
 independent judgement under 
 pressure. Highly organized and tact 
 to effectively manage cross-
 functional projects. 

 EDUCATION 
 Master of Business 
 Administration (MBA), Finance 
 Ohio University 
 05/2019 - 01/2021 

 Bachelor of Science, Business 
 Administration (Intl. Business) 
 San Francisco State University 
 08/2014 - 05/2017 

 LICENSE & CERTIFICATIONS 
 Notary Public, State of California 
 Expires 04/2022 

 SKILLS 
 MS Office, GSuite, Asana 
 Quickbooks Pro, Divvy, Slack, 
 Notion, Zoom, UberConference 
 Business Operations Management 
 (Start-up & Venture Capital) 
 Financial & Account Management 
 Project Management 
 Strategic Planning, Sourcing & 
 Procurement 
 Relationship Development 
 Vendor Management 
 Contract Negotiations 
 Event Management 
 Leadership & Communications 
 Recruiting & People Management 
 Diversity & Inclusion 


 LANGUAGES 
 English 
 Cantonese 




 EXPERIENCE 
 Operations Manager, Facilities   02/2020 - Present   Tempus Ex Machina 
   Operations: Manage the operations and reliability of facilities, i.e. establish & monitor   preventative maintenance, evaluate risk and lead quality assurance efforts. 
   Create, evaluate and improve the efficiency of policies and processes by establishing   standards and measures to enhance quality & ensure continual process improvement. 
   Research & analysis. Participate in the development of operations and facilities budget. 
 Identify trends to provide efficiencies and optimize departmental costs & budgets. 
   Planning, Sourcing & Procurement: Identify, develop, and drive sourcing initiatives   and strategic plans across organization. 
   Negotiate, manage, coordinate, and support sourcing projects, including managing   competitive bids, obtaining quotes, examining proposals, analyzing bids, etc. 
   Diversity & Inclusion: Monitor company culture and diversity. Create new practices   that effectively improve culture and increase diversity. 

 Independent Corporate Events Consultant   11/2019 - Present 
   Meet with clients to understand their specific needs, objectives and budget &   recommend tailored strategies to meet their objectives. 
   Research and identify markets for event opportunities (budget, venue locations,   accommodations & transportation, theme, menu selections, site inspections). 
   Manage all logistics, deliveries, staging & breakdown of all event-related services,   products, and contracts. Oversee and train all event teams. 

 Finance Operations Manager & Executive Administrator (Chief of Staff)     06/2017 - 12/2019   venBio Partners 
   Administration: Managed daily operations of office while providing high-level strategic   support to Managing Partners, investment team and finance department of a VC firm. 
   Email communications, data tracking, calendaring, travel management. 
   Operations: Collaborated with executives to formulate business strategies. 
   Created policies that align with overall strategy to improve organizational culture. 
   Managed cross-functional projects while controlling time management, forecasting and   developing budgets. 
   Oversaw the implementation of technology solutions throughout the organization. 
   Managed, prepared and facilitated all meetings, events, conferences, and off-site events. 
   Onboarded, trained and managed new employees, consultants and outsourced vendors. 
   Manage contracts & relations with investors, vendors and other organizations. 
   Finance/Accounting: Financial management for various portfolio companies such as   cash management, disbursements, prepare quarterly financial statements and proper   reporting to auditors, while ensuring compliance with local and international laws. 
   Managed company accounts, payments (including FX) & expenditures (A/R, A/P,   billing, payroll, reconciliation). 
   Oversaw and prepared financial accounts and reports (expenses, P&L, wires, tax, etc.) 

 Administrative Coordinator   02/2015 - 02/2016   Mercedes-Benz of SF 
   Supported business office & showroom to ensure exceptional customer service. 
   Delegated tasks to ensure completion in accordance with existing policies. 
   Managed calendars, client records, data entry and reporting. 

 Assistant Sales Manager   06/2010 - 02/2015   Nine West Holding, Inc. 
   Implemented strategies to improve sales operations & marketing campaigns. 
   Managed inventory, merchandise, and web order fulfillments. 
   Oversaw recruitment and monitored performance of sales team for various stores. 
   Developed and guided sales team through training, motivation and counseling. 

