 Haiwen He 
4065 Clare St,  559-274-6418 
Dublin, CA 94568 Haiwen6418@gmail.com 
 
 
Professional Experiences 
Datatang Technology Inc. Sunnyvale, CA 
Account Manager Oct 2018 - Current 
    Fully responsible for helping existing and potential clients understand, compare, and contrast company's products and services.  
    Clearly communicates clients' requirements to the teams responsible for ordering, implementation and ongoing support. 
    Responsible for growing strategic product & service sales and revenue through proactive engagement with clients. 
    Understand and monitor key performance metrics to identify opportunities for growth or improvement. 
    Business contract and agreement writing and auditing. 
    Responsible for business development activates, design and set up booth in AL well-known conferences such as CVPR, Interspeech, ICCASP, etc. 
    Develop collaborative and long-term partnerships with vendors and key clients. 

    Secure input from all necessary solution partners within Datatang and adapt solutions, as necessary, to ensure appropriate fit. 

    Act as a liaison with client services, engineering, marketing, and sales teams to provide input from customers, as well as be educated on new advancements in products and programs. 


    Collaborate with the engineering team to ensure these opportunities are effectively covered and facilitate progress as applicable. 

CAS INTERGLOBAL LLC Pleasanton, CA 

Supply Chain & Operation Manager Aug 2017 - Oct 2018 
    Oversee the work of operation specialists to consistently and accurately complete routine daily assignments. 
    Coordinate with clients, suppliers and logistic partners to arrange shipments and export documents. 
    Source products and services with internal teams and vendors. 
    Manage Company's Amazon seller central and coordinate FBA shipments. 
    Build and maintain relationship with suppliers and distributors. 
    Drive suppliers to meet schedule and specification to ensure delivery qualities. 
    Supervise the operational cost to stay within the budget. 
    Provide updated information of products, prices and delivery to clients. 
THE W GROUP CORPORATION Fremont, CA 
Procurement Associate Nov 2015 - Aug 2017 
    Fully responsible for all procurement activities including order placement, price negotiation & order follow up. 
    Maintain safety inventory level and manage product life cycle. 
    Arrange and coordinate company's daily shipments, such as air cargo, ocean container and trucks. 
    Work with R&D, sales marketing, operation and suppliers to fulfill new launched products. 
    Negotiate payment term and lead time with suppliers. 
    Work with warehouse and shipping departments to receive shipments into book and reconcile inventory record. 
Skills 
    Project Management, Data Analysis, Supply Chain Management, Product Life Cycle Management. 
    NetSuite ERP, Arena Solution Cloud PLM, Oracle SQL, QuickBooks, Microsoft Office, Slack, Trello. 
    Amazon Seller Central, FBA, Jungle Scout. 
    Fluent in English, Native Mandarin Speaker. 

 Education 
International Technological University San Jose, California 
Master of Science- Engineering Management 2016-2017 
California State University, East Bay Hayward, California 
Master of Business Administration-Operation & Supply Chain Management 2013-2015  
California State University, Fresno Fresno, California 
Bachelor of Science- Accounting 2007-2012 
 
 
