1. Christina X. Wu, MBA 
Email: christinaxwu@gmail.com Cell: 214-668-7087 
 Dallas, Texas 
 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
           Seasoned institutional investment professional with over 9 years of experience in all aspects of institutional investment management including investment research and analysis, asset allocation and portfolio construction, risk management and performance reporting 
           Well versed in all asset classes with a focus on researching, conducting due diligence, evaluating, structuring and negotiating terms of alternative investment strategies including real assets, private debt, and private equity 
           Extensive experience and strong track record in re-structuring real estate portfolio/investments, developing and implementing real estate investment strategies, as well as managing direct and separate account investments 
 
 
EXPERIENCE 
 
Dallas Police and Fire Pension System  August 2008 - Present 
Dallas, Texas 
Investment Manager 
 
      Participate in all aspects of a $2.8 billion pension fund's investment activities including development and implementation of investment policy, asset allocation, portfolio rebalancing, external manager search and monitoring, investment analysis, evaluation, due diligence, and contract negotiations.  
 
      Identify, underwrite, and monitor private markets investment opportunities. Lead the due diligence, evaluation, negotiation of terms and conditions of commingled fund investments including real estate, private equity, and private debt strategies totaling over several hundred million dollars.  
 
      Advocated for and is responsible for building out the Private Credit allocation. Survey the investment landscape, develop investment thesis, build and cultivate a network of managers, peers and consultants/advisors. Make investment manager/strategy recommendations to the board and lead the due diligence, contract negotiation and closing of investments.  
 
      Led a secondary sale process of private markets interests. Interviewed secondary sale brokers/advisors and negotiated engagement terms. Monitored and managed the marketing and bidding process to maximize sales proceeds.  
 
      Manage the re-structuring of the System's legacy real estate portfolio totaling over five hundred million dollars. Conducted strategic reviews and evaluation of assets, performed new manager searches, and oversaw asset transfers as well as depositions of assets.  
 
      Oversee the System's direct real estate investments. Manage all aspects of a $300 million ground-up development project in Dallas, Texas. Developed financial models and analysis; oversaw a two and half year construction process and managed a $200 million construction budget; oversee project teams comprised of internal resources as well as third party service providers. Project is on track to generate a positive return for the System vs projected loss of over $25 million when it was taken over.  
 
      Managed the successful development and sale of a 140-acre commercial vineyard in Napa County, CA.  
 
           Participated in the investment analysis of two multi-billion dollar public private partnership infrastructure projects. Projects are on track and expected to generate double digit returns for the System over a 52-year concession period. Preliminary discussions indicate a 2x plus multiple of original investments if a sale is to be consummated.  
 
      Supervise and mentor junior analysts; Prepare reports for and make presentations to the Board of Trustees.  
 
 
EXPERIENCE CONTINUED 
 
Texas Instruments August 2003 - August 2008 
Dallas, Texas 
 Business Analyst  
 
           Was responsible for system implementation, enhancement, and support of enterprise applications (SAP and IQNavigator) in the financial reporting and supply chain areas. Facilitated requirements gathering, coordinated cross functional teams, led bug fix, testing, and enhancement efforts. Areas of expertise include SAP functional areas of inventory management, material master, procurement, and accounts payable. 
 
           Corporate/business development: conducted research on growth opportunities for Strategic Business Entities (SBEs) including technology acquisition, strategic equity investment, and divestiture projects in Asian countries and the USA.  
 
 
Fujitsu Network Communications (A wholly owned subsidiary of Fujitsu, Japan) Jan 2000 - July 2002 
Richardson, Texas 
Business Systems Analyst 
 
                Was responsible for supply chain areas of the IT systems of the network services division (Fujitsu Network Services, Inc.), including business analysis, business process improvement, enterprise resources planning (SAP) system enhancement & implementation. Led cross functional teams, interfaced with all levels of management and stakeholders to ensure project delivery meets customer expectations.  
 
 
         ADVISORY BOARDS 
           Institutional Real Estate Investment Reporting Standards Task Force 
           Serve/participate on the Investment Advisory Committee of various funds including JPMorgan Asset Management, Prudential, Kainos Capital, Levine Leitchment Capital Partners funds, Riverstone Credit Partners.  
 
 
PROFESSIONAL AFFLIATION AND MEMBERSHIP 
                Pension Real Estate Association 
                Urban Land Institute 
                Institutional Limited Partners Association 
                Private Equity Women Investor Network 
 
 
 SPEAKING EXPERINCE 
                Texas Institutional Real Estate Investor Forum - Outlook for Industrial Properties Panel presenter 
                Kayo Women's Energy Investment 2nd Annual conference 
                SuperReturn Private Credit Conference - Organizing Your Allocation to Private Credit session presenter 
                The Institutional Investors' Executive Sector Meeting - Private Equity Think Tank presenter 
 
 
EDUCATION 
                 Southern Methodist University, Cox School of Business Dallas, TX  
Master of Business Administration  
Beta Gamma Sigma Business Honor Society 
 
                 Texas A & M University College Station, TX  
Master of Science, Management Information Systems  
 
                Kansas State University Manhattan, KS 
Master of Science, Biochemistry 
 
                East China University of Science and Technology Shanghai, China 
Bachelor of Engineering, Biochemical Engineering 
 
 
