
 DEREK EADON 
 4803 Coachlight Drive, West Des Moines, IA 50265 Alumni: University of Iowa (2002 -2007) 
 Phone: (515) 954 -8630 E-Mail: derek.eadon@gmail.com 
 SUMMARY 
 I am a veteran communications and public affairs strategist looking for a new opportunity. I have been a part   of many successful high profile efforts, including three winning campaigns for Barack Obama. I have extensive   experience managing press, rapid response, and messaging efforts for companies, campaigns, and non -  profits. I have also assisted with digital advertising, email programs, and social media for many clients. I have   acted spokesperson for many organizations and have participate d in over 120 print, television, and radio   interviews across the country. 

 EXPERIENCE 

 Bluprint Strategies - Des Moines, IA - Public Relations and Digital Strategist Oct 2013- Current 
   Managed Iowa public relations and adv ocacy efforts for nine different na tional organizations. 
   Supported communications and digital strategy for the Iowa Attorney G eneral, National Association of 
 Attorneys General , and Truth Initiative regarding three settlements and investigations. 
   Managed social media, email program, and dig ital advertising for 14 clients. 
   Advised eight political campaigns, including Hillary Clinton's Iowa Campaig n and Jimmy Hoffa's   successful re-election as Teamsters President. 

 Smoot Tewes Group - Washington DC/Des Moines, IA - Principal Jan 2014 -Jan 2016 
   Partnered with DC firm on public affairs and communications efforts to promote various policies during   the 2014 US Senate E lection and 2015 Iowa Caucuses. Worked with local and national press extensively. 
   Coordinated with ethanol industry to establis h renewable fuel as major campaign issue. A little known   policy became a focal point in the 2016 GOP caucus race and 2014 U.S. Senate race. Gained pledges   by 17 of 19 presidential candidates to support the Renewable Fuel Standard. 
   Led Iowa efforts for largest climat e advocacy group in the country. Gained pledges from all three 
 Democratic candidates for President to support 50% clean energy by 2020. 

 LS2 Group - Des Moines, IA, Senior Account Executive Jan 2013 - Oct 2013 
   Managed multiple public relations accounts for Iowa based firm. Became certified in ICS 100/200 Crisis 
 Communications as a public information officer. 
   Advised an energy company on crisis communications around North Dakota operation. Worked with   corporate co mmunications team on training executive team for rapid response regarding any public   safety incidents. Wrote and pitched various releases and stories with local press. 

 Obama for America/Organizing for America (OFA) - Iowa, Kansas, Washington DC Jan 2007- Dec 2012 
   Began as a field organizer for the 2008 campaign in Cedar Rapids, IA. Was promoted each election   cycle and led the campaign to victory in Iowa as General Election Director for the 2012 campaign. 
   Directed organizing, communications , and digital efforts around Obamacare as Iowa State Director for 
 OFA. Only state to have all Democratic members of Congress vote fo r bill and get re -elected. 
   Managed cr owd and volunteer effort for the national Mall during the 2009 Inauguration . Over three   thousand volunteers helped the effort and almost two million people attended the event with no major   issues arising. 
   Managed $20 million budget, all depar tment heads, and staff of a few hundred . Iowa was one of the   few states to have hi gher turnout than 2008, in cluding record early, youth, and Latino voting. 
   Managed communications, political, data, legal, hiring, budget, field, outreach, and digital efforts for   the campaign. Oversaw 67 field offices and 17 trips from President Obama. 

 RECOGNITION 
   Elected as youngest Iowa Dem ocratic Party Chair in history (elected in 2017). 
   Former DNC Voting Member and member of Politico's "Insider Caucus". 
   Named "Top 50 Most Wanted Democrats" by the Des Moines Register in 2014. 
   Named one of the top 500 influencers in the country by Campaigns and El ections magazine in 2013. 
 Described as "President Obama' s man in Iowa". 

