
 KEVIN TZENG
 4737 Hill Top View Place, San Jose, 95138  (408)250-3922 * ktzeng2@illinois.edu
 EDUCATION
 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign August 2018 - Present
 Gies College of Business
 Bachelor of Science | Finance + Computer Science Minor
 GPA 3.21
 Relevant Finance Courses: Financial Markets, Investment Portfolio Management (In
 Progress), Options and Futures Markets (In Progress), Personal Wealth Management
 (In Progress), Discrete Structures, Data Structures, Database Systems (In Progress)
 WORK EXPERIENCE
 Qualcomm May-Aug 2019
 Product Management and Marketing Intern
 * Assessed internal machine learning training for content quality, organization and structure, and pre-  sentation to ensure e*cient internal ML training.
 * Researched benchmark and competitive analysis of Qualcomm's market status in AI and CPU to  develop strategies to compete with companies in global mobile chip processor market.
 * Gathered and documented assets needed by Marketing to launch and tier products.
 * Designed structured internship for Qualcomm's Product Marketing team, including a competitive anal-  ysis of top tech *rms and surveys of interns at di*erent companies to form recommendations for future  internship programs.
 University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign CS125 Jan-May 2019
 Course Assistant
 * Helped students understand and grasp concepts of object-oriented programming such as polymorphism,  interfaces, and basic data structures.
 PROJECTS
 Student Research Opportunities
 Utilized Flutter to work on front end of the application to link students to professors with regards to  research opportunities on campus.
 Line Eater
 Developed and launched an iOS app that utilizes user-interaction to determine the line at certain  restaurants and eating locations.
 Compiler and Interpreter
 Built an interpreter in Java that executes Pascal-like statements as it parses it.
 Developed a single compiler which reads Pascal states and outputs an equivalent MIPS program.
 Tetris
 Developed Tetris in Java using a Gridworld API.
 TECHNICAL STRENGTHS
 Modeling and Analysis Tableau
 Software & Tools MS O*ce
 Programming Languages Java, Python, Swift, SQL
