
 Megan Wang
  Education
 Bachelor of Arts, Design 
 University of California - Davis (2021)
 Major in Design, specializing in 
 Human-Centered Design. Minor in 
 Technology Management, focusing 
 on marketing research and client 
 needs.
  Skills
 Design: 
 Prototyping 
 Wireframing 
 Sketching and Storyboarding
 User interviews
 Persona Development 
 Design and Project Management 
 Video Editing 
 Animation
 Technical: 
 Figma
 Adobe XD
 Adobe After Effect 
 Adobe Illustrator 
 Adobe InDesign
 Adobe Photoshop
 Adobe Lightroom
 Rhino 
 Vectorworks
 Twinmotions
 HTML
 CSS
  Certification
 Human-Computer Interaction-HCI 
 Interaction Design Foundation (IDF)
 Issued Oct 2019
  Experience
 Co-Founder / BioShine
 Jan 2020 - Jun 2020
 - Created all visual elements for the team. Took professional photos and   helped to manage the social media
 - Created physical prototype and performed user testing on skin. 
 Created videos for the team and put together the team presentation. 

 - BioShine was chosen as the finalist from the UC Davis to compete in an   international competition - Biodesign Challenge.
 Event Exhibition Intern / Design Career Club
 Jan 2020 - Jun 2020

 - Joined every board meeting on time, and helped set up the events.
 Finance   Office Management Intern / Ipsen   2019 Summer

 - Assisted the Finance Department with billing records and invoice   reconciliation. Spearhead asset management activities with a focus on   maximizing availability with minimal loss.
 - Performed asset inventory processes in collaboration with 
 Assets Department.
 Museum Receptionist / DASB Euphrat Museum of Art   2018 - 2019

 - Served as the first point of contact for guests, greeting and providing a   warm, welcoming atmosphere.
 - Answered inquiries and provided accurate information regarding pro  grams and the facilities, and resolved customer complaints.

 Asset Management Intern / BD
 Summer 2016

 - Conducted inventory procedures and protocols for instrumentation at  hospital labs, performing detailed examinations and   maintenance checks.
   669-600-9993
   megwang.myportfolio.com
   meganpoke@gmail.com
