Peng Zhang 
Peng.Zhang.2019@marshall.usc.edu   650-276-8742   https://www.linkedin.com/in/pengzhang-la/ 
U.S. Permanent Resident 
 
 EDUCATION 
 
University of Southern California, Marshall School of Business, Los Angeles, CA May 2019 
Master of Business Administration (M.B.A), CeDiD: 1960-C97M-PCGW  
https://arr.usc.edu/services/diplomas/electronicdiplomavalidation.html 
 
Jilin University of Finance and Economics, Changchun, China June 2013 
Bachelor of Science in Management; Major in Accounting  
 
Charles Sturt University, New South Wales, Australia April 2013 
Bachelor of Business Studies; Concentration in Marketing 
 
 Business development EXPERIENCE 
 
Nike - New Product Development, USC Marshall School of Business 
          Developed marketing implementation plan to launch high tech Nike AI sports equipment to international market. 
 
Pai Technology -Global Business Experience Shanghai, 2019, USC Marshall School of Business 
          Created marketing strategy to roll out Chinese edutainment toys to the US education and mass market sectors. 
 
Shanghai Tang - Fashion, Luxury & Lifestyle Marketing, USC Marshall School of Business 
          Researched, analyzed and recommended strategy for first Chinese luxury brand to achieve recognition in the global market.  
 
The Walt Disney Co. - Negotiation and Deal-making, USC Marshall School of Business 
          Devised approach to developing a theme park in France encompassing localized branding, marketing, and concession sales.  
 
Professional Experience 
 
BioVision Inc. - Milpitas, Bay Area, CA February 2013 - July 2016 
 
 Accounting Manager & HR Associate (April 2014 - July 2016)  
         Performed all aspects of accounting work, includes AR, AP, journal entry, bank reconciliation. 
         Managed cash deposits, credit card, wire transfer. 
         Filed California sales and use tax to Board of Equalization monthly. 
         Processed customers' fax, email and phone orders as support to customer service team.  
         Processed payroll for over 60 employees via Intuit payroll system biweekly. 
         Handled HR related employee benefits including medical & dental insurances, 401k, and PTO. 
         Prepared new hire checklist include company benefit overview, direct deposit form, safety manuals, retirement plan description. 
Marketing Associate (February 2013 - March 2014) 
         Created ads via Google AdWords and boosted sales of new products by 30%. 
         Prepared revenue report and analyzed performance of new product development. 
         Updated and modified product pricing, size and description via osCMax hosting.  
         Entered data in QuickBooks including new products, customers and vendors on a daily basis. 
         Assisted in special projects as business needs arise. 
 
SKILLS AND INTERESTS 
 
      Computer: Google Adwords & Google Analytics; Intuit QuickBooks; Fishbowl; Microsoft Office Professional Suite 
      Languages: Fluent in English and native in Chinese 
      Activities and Societies: Graduate Marketing Association, Marshall Consulting & Strategy Club, Business of Entertainment Association, Marshall Retail Management Association 
      Honors/Awards: USC MBA Program Academic Achievement, Social Media, and Sales Presentation Awards in Marketing 528 - Art and Science of Sales 
      Global Business Experience: Tokyo, Japan (2018); Shanghai, China (2019) 
      Volunteer Experience: Teacher, Junior Achievement of Southern California 
