
 Austin Kim
 (714)514-9227 | austinek94@gmail.com
 | linkedin.com/in/austinek94
 | github.com/austinek94 | kaggle.com/austinek94
 Technical Skills
 Languages: Python, SQL, R, HTML, Java
 Big Data & Machine Learning: Spark, Hadoop
 Libraries: Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Scikit, SciPy, Selenium, BeautifulSoap
 Education
 University of Notre Dame Notre Dame, IN
 Master of Science in Data Science August 2021 - December 2023
 University of California, Irvine Irvine, CA
 Bachelor of Science in Mathematics September 2012 - March 2017
 Experience
 Computer Science and Mathematics Teacher Orange, CA
 Unity Middle College High School January 2018 - Present
   Held department chair of Computer Science and Mathematics.
   Taught Computer Science, Algebra 1, Algebra 2, and Geometry.
   Engaged in weekly professional developments.
 Projects
 Predicting Heart Disease | UCI Heart Disease Dataset
   Achieved a 91.8 percent ROC AUC score on a Random Forest Classifier with GridSearch in predicting heart  disease.
   Examined factors like age, sex, and resting blood pressure of patients to predict whether or not a patient has heart  disease.
   Created data visualizations in order to display and determine variable correlations to heart disease.
 Graduate School Admission Confidence | UCLA Graduate Dataset
   Achieved a 3.9 percent mean absolute error score on a Random Forest Regressor with Gridsearch in predicting a  student's confidence for admission.
   Examined various factors like GRE score, GPA, and letter of recommendation scores to predict students' admission  confidence.
   Created data visualizations in order to display and determine variable correlations to students' graduate school  admission confidence.
 Predicting Credit Card Approvals | DataCamp Dataset
   Achieved a 85 percent logreg score on a logistic regression with GridSearch in predicting credit card approvals.
   Examined various factors like credit score, income, and debt of credit card applicants on the DataCamp data set to  predict credit approval chances.
   Created data visualizations in order to display and determine variable correlations to credit card approvals.
 Certifications
 Data Scientist with Python
 DataCamp
 SQL for Data Science
 Coursera (University of California, Davis)
 Python 3 Programming Specialization
 Coursera (University of Michigan)
 Algorithmic Toolbox and Data Structures
 Coursera (University of California, San Diego)
