
 Page
 1 |
 1
 Fangfang Hu
 Accountant
 Fanghutracy@gmail.com   (904)-514-8559
 50-4846 th
 street, Woodside, NY 11377
 Accomplished accounting professional with expert-level proficiency in managing and overseeing all aspects varying  financial functions, operating budgets, financial statement and annual audits, as well as month-end closing. Completed  relevant coursework in financial, managerial, intermediate and advanced accounting, economics, accounting information  systems, and tax accounting. Expertise in statistical data analysis, month-end and year-end reconciliations, variance  analysis, cash flow analysis, margin analysis and customer profitability. Highly effective communicator, with strong  interpersonal skills, and the ability to work cohesively with all levels of management, as well as initiative and foster  dynamic partnerships in support of financial operational goals.
 Areas of Expertise
  
 Taxation / Tax Compliance
  
 Corporate Accounting
  
 Financial / Income Statements
  
 Payroll Management
  
 Financial Reporting / Analysis
  
 Internal Controls / Auditing
  
 Accounting Software Utilization
  
 Stakeholder Relationship
 Building
  
 Cross-Team Collaboration
 Professional Experience
 Bruttell Tax Services, Pompano Beach, FL 10/2017- Present
 Accountant
 Inspect accuracy, completeness, and integrity of financial records. Conduct thorough review of financial statements and  tax records to correct discrepancies. Prepare and file monthly and quarterly sales tax for clients. Exhibit dynamic critical  and conceptual thinking skills while assisting with all the intricacies involved in banking reconciliation, payroll  management, accounts payable, accounts receivable as well as the preparation of statements of financial positions.
 Organize workers' compensation audit reports for clients' insurance company. Leverage Working knowledge of Circular  230 and an active PTIN. Formulate, analyze, and post monthly closing journal entries and draft the variance analysis with  explanations.
  
 Formulated 1040 and 1120, 1065tax return for clients using Ultra tax preparation software.
  
 Prepared and filed clients' RT-6, 940, and 941payroll report.
 Okinawa Japanese Restaurant, Jacksonville, FL 05/2017- 09/2017
 Accountant & Manager
 Supervised the accounting department in the areas of payroll, accounts receivable, and accounts payable. Administered  semi-monthly paychecks for over 20 employees. Managed and paid payroll expenses and taxes on time. Organized and  filed monthly Florida sales tax. Managed ledgers and recorded company financial transactions into QuickBooks.
 Enhanced the accuracy of the company's reported financial results and ensured that results comply with generally  accepted accounting principles.
  
 Updated vendor information, monitored invoices, purchased inventory, and saved 5% of the food cost.
  
 Managed cancel checks and categorized expenses needed to submit accurate federal 1120 return.
  
 Retained customer relationships and dealt with complaints properly, improving customer review to 4.2star.
 Volunteer Experience
 Volunteer, Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA), Jacksonville, FL, 02/2017-04/2017
 Volunteer, World Relief Jacksonville, Jacksonville, FL, 02/2015-04/2015
 Education
 Bachelor of Accounting, Enroll Agent Exam Participation | Bachelor of Business Administration, April 2017
 University of North Florida, Coggin College of Business, Jacksonville, FL
 Technical Skills
 Advanced proficiency in Excel and Accounting CS program, Proficient in QuickBooks
