Cecilia (Xiaoyan) Li 
(650)495-0532   LccLcc969@gmail.com   San Carlos, CA 94070 
Objective 
Seeking a full-time position as a recruiter, human resources assistant, marketing associate, financial assistant, or other similar position in the San Francisco Bay Area. 
 
Experience 
 
Diamond MMA-Chicago, IL (Remote) 
Marketing Assistant, Oct 2020- Present 
 
        Provide administrative support to the marketing and sales teams. 
        Support marketing executives by organizing various projects. 
        Learn and work with digital marketing software. 
        Employ marketing analytics techniques to gather important data via social media, web analytic tools. 
        Conduct market research and analyze consumer rating reports and questionnaires. 
        Compose and post online content on the company's website and social media accounts. 
        Prepare, format and edit a range of documents. 
        Write marketing literature, such as brochures and blogs, to enhance the company's presence in the market. 
 
Foothill College (STEM Center)-Los Altos Hill, CA 
Clerical Assistant (part time), February 2018- March 2020 
 
        Used office equipment to check emails, make copies, and update computer databases. 
        Typed forms, correspondence, memos, and other materials. 
        Handled record and document fillings; compiled and sorted records of office activities for efficient recordkeeping and easy retrieval. 
        Maintained inventory on office supplies. 
        Completed special assignments and projects according to instructions from supervisors. 
        Oversaw and helped students and tutors in the STEM Center. 
 
 
 
 
Dinghuang Hotel - Huizhou, China  
HR Assistant, March 2012- March 2013 

      Welcomed new employees to the organization by conducting orientation and assisting with new hire paperwork. 

      Provided payroll information by collecting time and attendance records. 


      Prepared employee performance reports by assembling and analyzing data. 


      Maintained employee information by entering and updating employment and status-change data. 


      Wrote and disseminated company-wide employee announcements. 


      Answered employment question phone calls, relayed messages, and managed office equipment and supplies. 


      Maintained employee confidence and protected company operations by ensuring human resource information was confidential.  

Chenghong Real Estate Company - Shenzhen, China  

Financial Assistant, Jan 2011- Dec 2011 
 
      Collected cash and accounts receivable from the clients. 
      Recorded every transaction in the company's financial software. 
      Managed the costs for the branch such as office supplies and rent; calculated employee salaries. 
      Prepared financial statements such as balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements. 
 
 
Chenghong Real Estate Company - Shenzhen, China  
Sales Associate, September 2010- December 2010 

      Partnered with clients to rent residential real estate properties in the target market. 

      Actively solicited clients by promoting the brand, networking, advertising and offering services to potentially interested parties. 


      Showed various properties to prospective buyers and renters to showcase options and help them find the right property. 

 

 
 
 
Education 
 
Foothill College-Los Altos Hill, California 3.4 GPA 
Associate degree, 2017 April-2020 June 
Major: Business Administration 
 
Huizhou Boluo University -Guangdong, China 
Major: Business Administration, Feb 2012- July 2015 
 
Huizhou Vocational Technical School -Guangdong, China 
Major: Accounting, Step 2008-July 2011 
 
Languages: 
English, Cantonese, Mandarin 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
